Thank you for calling Educator. This is Nad, and I've recorded the line. How can I help you? How can I help you, fellas? Okay, I understand. I do apologize if there is any issues when it comes to the delivery part of the order, sir. But let me just go ahead and access that order from my end, so we can be able to assist you. At this moment, just make sure, Felix. You said the order for tomorrow. I just see that you actually have two orders. Which is the one that we're speaking about? Okay, thank you. I do appreciate it, sir. Give me just a few moments, and let me just open this order right now. Okay, and this is Central Time. Okay, let me try to get in contact with the customer in regards of this order, so I can double check if he's actually able to pick it up. If by any chance that our customer is not able to pick. Pick up the order, we can process the cancellation, right? Okay, that's correct, sir. If the customer decides to go with the the takeout option, I will go ahead and I will update the order and I will send it back to you guys. Okay. This is the one for Jen Rodriguez, right? The one that goes to the Family Health Care. Yes, I have it, Rumen. No worries about it. Yes, I will go able to send the updated order or just the cancel order, okay? Perfect. Oh, it's up to you. I can either just send the updated order, uh, so because it will be. Kind of late for us to call you back, but okay, perfect. So if we do have the response from the the customer at this moment, or actually today, we're gonna be just to give you a call back. Okay, okay. Have a good one. Hello, John. This is Nada from Easy Cater in a recorded line. I'm trying to get in contact with you in regards of your order from Olive Garden. That is the order number NVUZXJ. Just to let you know, the caterer is actually unable to deliver the order, but they can help you out prepare the order as a takeout. Can you please just get back to us so that. That way, we can be able to assist to either modify the order or to find a replacement. Just get back to us at one eight hundred four eight eight one eight two three. Okay, have a good day, sir. Stay safe.
