If we are going to continue to allow net exercises, I mean, all very good questions. I'm not really like, I mean, you guys are the decision makers. But again, just ultimately, if if this is something that you foresee that you're going to do, need to be doing more of these, then yes, then maybe it's advantageous to turn it on. But again, if there's just kind of these one-offs or it happens every now and again. Then yeah, that's just always been the standard practice to do the manual exercise, and then the repurchase the share certificate by way of the net exercise. Okay. And then, how is that like document? There's no like document of it as an exercise if you're doing it manually. It just you just can tell from the exercise and repurchase. Same with the tool. It's not going to say net exercise or anything like that. Oh, okay. It's just. What it will do. Okay, and then. Both will help you. Both will help you accomplish what you need. It's just a matter if we turn on the tool, we can't turn it off. Okay. And then moving forward, I think it changes. Like you'll see, manual exercise, and I think manual exercise becomes cash exercise. And net exercise is labeled as net exercise. So, moving forward, you would have the two options to either cash exercise or net exercise. But manual exercise is is just kind of removed, and it's therefore called now cash exercise. Okay, um, I I'm also I'm not super super familiar with CARTA in general. Can the individuals holding the grants do the net exercise, or is that? Something that the legal admin has to do. No, that's why this is manually exercised and then repurchased. So, therefore, it's administrative. A holder. Okay, but if the tool is on, is the exercise an option for option holder? No, that was odd. It's all administrative, correct? Okay. Um. Okay, is it very like? Do people often make mistakes if they're doing the manual in that exercise? I don't. I mean, if it's entered incorrect, then Carter staff can help you reverse it. Okay, but if it's on the tool, it would only be incorrect if we put in the wrong amounts or something, because you don't have to do the manual inputs on the tool, right? So I'm trying to understand your question. I'm sorry. Sorry, I'm trying to. I guess with the tool, there's less room for error, though, because there's no manual doing everything right. I guess. Or and if there were a mistake, would we still be able to have? I mean, there. I guess. I guess there could be an error in the net exercise if it was entered incorrect. If the wrong quantity was entered incorrect, so there could be, but very likely. But yes, there. I guess there is room for error. But again, it'll be fixed by Caddis if it's some of the tool. If any exercise is incorrect, Caddis staff can assist. Yes. Okay. Perfect. Okay. I think that. I guess it's just a matter to you. Some companies don't turn it on. I guess just for feedback. Not that it's a bad thing. But some companies, again, if there's just kind of these one-offs, then they have just, you know. Did the kind of the workaround, which is the manual exercise, and then repurchase the cost and the net of the exercise through the share certificate, and that would be the same what the tool would produce, right? Okay. Okay, I will see what they want to do, but that's helpful because when I was reading the article, it sounded like you couldn't manually do it, and the tool was just a manual feature. Yeah, just giving you a couple options. Again, maybe what you guys feel is best to do. But if you do want to go ahead and turn that on, just feel free to reach out to us, and we can get that enabled for you. You bet. Okay. And then, is it does it matter how to reach out? I know the the article can contact Carta Help Center, but if if you're, yeah, maybe again just passing along, you can always reach out to us on this phone that you called here today, or just maybe another way, you can email us at partner support at Carta. dot com partner support at carta dot com. There you go, and you could just say, "Hey, hey, team, working with this company, we need to enable the online exercising. Please help us." Period. We would reply back, you know, the net exercise has been enabled, and that's kind of how we could do that if if you prefer it that way. Okay, cool. I will let them know that. Yeah, I. Any, any of you've had some good questions. Of course, no, you've had, no, you've had some good ones. I just didn't want to make sure we missed anything, or you've had the chance to kind of ask your questions. No, that's perfect. I um, yeah, I'm not super like familiar with even manual exercises. Of course, I'm I'm a first year associate, but calling to report back to somebody. Yeah. No, all all very good questions. So, like I said, some.
