I guess just as a clarifying question for myself, if you don't mind, was the stakeholder supposed to be terminated and not receive a vesting email by chance? Terminated, yes. And then we were trying to figure out that, and then we were working on the In our platform, just because our system wouldn't know that, you know, she has been terminated. So, depending on the other, you know, stakeholders, they may be receiving a vesting email. But it wouldn't have anything to do with your termination and cashless exercise processes on the platform. It's just because of the vesting tranche for this individual. Okay. And I'm happy to show you the vesting schedule on her equity award, if you would like. I'm happy to navigate with you. Yes, let me get over there. Okay, I'm get to the main menu, and we can look from either the stakeholder ledger or from the equity awards page as well, whatever your preference is. Let's see. We can do securities equity awards. Perfect. And then just go ahead and search Astrid's name, or you can search security es dash two two. Mhm. Yeah, I see it. Mhm. Perfect. Just loading on my end, but you can click on it, and on the left navigation, go ahead and click on vesting schedule. And if you go down just a little bit on that progress page, let's see—it's not loading for me. Sorry. You should see that the vesting tranche was just met on September 14th, so yesterday, which is why she received that email. So it looks like it's the eighth vesting tranche for this equity award. Oh, oh, okay. She just met the eighth. Okay. Yeah, so this isn't anything to do with you know the termination or the repurchase that you guys are working through. This is just our platform sending her an automated message because her eighth vesting tranche was met. What's the word you're saying? Tranche. Yeah, so it's like period eight of that vesting schedule, technically hit yesterday. So it's showing as additional options vested because she hasn't been terminated in Carga. Okay, and then it says like legend. It says terminated. Expired options. Yeah. So once you have, you know, a stakeholder's options once they're terminated, let's say for example, you know, this October 14th period is when she, you know, was dismissed. Then October through the finality of this vesting schedule, all of those tranches or you know periods would be highlighted red with a line through them, indicating no more. Vesting will occur in the future. Okay. All right. And let's see. And it is true. We have like 90 days, I think, from the date of their termination. Yeah, and if you go to exercise periods, you can see that 90 days as well. Okay. Let's see. Exercise periods, 90 days, 30. Days, voluntary termination, involuntary. So, involuntary termination with cause is 90 days. So, but the date there's no date on the here. It just is. There won't be a date in the exercise periods. But if you go to the details tab, once you have this stakeholder terminated, there should be an indicator of the 90 day period. Starting from their last date of employment. So, if I'm on the details tab, then I'm going to.
