Hi, this is Maria calling from Bona Catering. I'm calling in regards to order number H K W Y U E. Okay, so this order was supposed to be delivered between 11:15 to 11:30. Our driver arrived within the selected window, and the guest was upset because they said you guys had promised them that we were going to arrive between 11:45 and 12. And we're just calling to follow up to see if you guys can call the guest and take care of the guest as that information was provided incorrectly by your guys' team. Yes. We were. We arrived within the window that was selected, so we arrived between eleven fifteen to eleven thirty. No, so on our end, it's showing up that we need to arrive between eleven fifteen, eleven thirty. So that's when we arrived. So we we don't have that information. This was a delivery, and it was selected that it be delivered between eleven fifteen, eleven thirty, because we have so we have thirty minute windows, right? So on your when you guys send us the order, it's showing that we need to deliver between eleven fifteen, eleven thirty, and that's when we arrived. I can hold. Okay. Yes. I'm sorry. What do I need to do? So, so why do I need to do something on my end if it was on your guys's end that you guys entered the information? Correctly. Correct. So, the the thing is, why do I need to submit that form if I'm calling just to let? You guys know that the customer said that you guys had mentioned you guys were going to deliver at a different time. We delivered at the time that our our invoice is showing us. So when this has happened before, we've just called you guys, call your guest, and let them know. You know, you guys go ahead and take care of the guest, and then that's what we do. So I'm not understanding why we would need to fill out the form when we delivered within the time that we were supposed to deliver. If that makes sense.  So the customer, okay. So where are you seeing eleven forty-five? Because on my end, it shows eleven fifteen to eleven thirty. So I'm not seeing eleven forty-five on here. So I, this is why I'm asking. Okay, can I speak to a manager, please? Sure. Can. Sure. Can I speak to one of? I'm sorry. Can I speak to a manager, please? No, I can hold. I can hold for them, please. Okay, so I need to get this taken care of because, again, we're delivering at the time that is selected. So I'm not seeing the. Forty-five. You're mentioning, so I can I can hold while you confirm, and I can speak to someone else. Okay, how hold? Yes. I'm sorry. I'm not understanding why I need to submit that form. If we we're going off of what we see in Monkey Media. Okay, I'll just call back and speak to someone else because that's honestly, I I'm not understanding why we need to do this. We've never done this in the past. Thank you. Bye.
