Recalling Easy Cater. This is Louis on our record line. How can I assist you today? Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Perfect. Appreciate that piece of information. Let me get it pulled up over here for you. Um, just allow me one moment. Okay, just got it right here. Am I speaking with Shahid? Okay, perfect. Yeah, I do see here this order is scheduled for tomorrow to be picked up at 10:45 a.m. Um, okay, I'm sorry to hear. 嗯。嗯。嗯。 Okay, appreciate the clarification about the incompatibilities with the order, and I'm so sorry to hear about the notice and the items not being available. Well, some of the items not being available, and also with the timing, but I can definitely assist you to check into this matter for you. Just allow me one moment, please. Because yeah, if you guys need a pickup time between eleven fifteen a.m. or eleven thirty a.m., well, if that's the case, with a with an ellipse. Okay, so you need extra thirty minutes. So a pickup time at eleven thirteen a.m. Okay, yeah, I. You see here that the current delivery time to customer is at 11:30 a.m. So, if that's the case, we need to inform the customer that we need to push back his delivery time to 12 p.m. So, you guys can have a pickup time at 11:15 a.m., keeping the same window time between the pickup and the delivery. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. On 11. Yeah. Absolutely, yeah. I will. I will follow up with the customer. So right now, I'm seeing over here that it is too late to reach out to the customer via callback. We can notify the customer via email, and then send you an a. And then once we hear back from the customer, to give you guys a callback to check if he's in agreement with the time change, as well as accommodating the the 11th strawberry cheesecakes and the remaining. Lemon, okay. Oh, okay. Okay, perfect. Appreciate and thank you very much for that suggestion. I will let the customer know about it. Will it be the same pricing, correct? Four dollars a night. Okay, sounds like a plan. I will. Follow up with the customer via email. If we hear back from the customer, we will notify you as soon as possible. Okay? Okay. Appreciate the clarification. Bye bye now. Okay. Take care.
