Thank you for calling about your CareFirst Blue Cross Blue Shield wellness program. My name is Kimberly. I'm a member service representative. How can I help you today? Okay, I'll be happy to look at your program and help with that. Tell me your name and date of birth. Okay, and your mailing address. Okay, is the best phone number for you still the seven zero three five eight one three two one one? And the best email: your first name dot last name at frcllc dot org. Okay. Okay, is the is it okay if I address you? Is it Diana or Diana? Diana, is it okay if I address you as that on our call? Sure. Okay, you're welcome. Give me just a moment. Okay, and that email is also the email that you would use to log into your wellness program on the website, carefirst.com/backslash/wellbeing, or in the app. So, looking at 2024's program, you did earn $150. Um. Have you received your card for that? You did earn a hundred and fifty dollars. It's a blue rewards card. Should have. It may be the same card. I'm not really. Sure, it's a Blue Rewards Visa incentive card. Your first, yeah, but it is like an HSA account. Okay. Yeah, this would probably be different, but you should have received your card already. Are you the main holder of the insurance, or the? Okay, then you should have already received the card. Looks like you earned rewards all the way back from even in July. So, have you not received a card? Okay, well, I can give you a number, Diana, to contact. We don't, we don't manage that Blue Rewards card because it is your HSA with your insurance, and I'm not, you know, with your CareFirst Blue Cross Blue Shield, but. Let me give you the number that can help you with the Blue Rewards card, and they can tell you if they have mailed you one out and where they would have mailed it to. That number is eight six six seven five eight six one one nine. Yep, they'll be able to help you. You're welcome. You can, well, you can earn up to 375, and last year you could have earned up to 375. Also, it looks like you missed the health screening, and then you also, yeah, missed the retaking the real age test. So that kind of, you know, brought your. Dollars down a little bit, yeah. But this year you can earn three seventy five also. Mhm. Yeah the the real age test is fifty dollars, and then the the coaching is if you do all three, it's. Thirty, seventy, and then one hundred. So it can be two hundred dollars, but it's thirty for your first, one seventy for your second, one hundred for your third. Okay, let me see if I show that. Um. Yeah, I can't. See those, the dates of those, because you know that program is ended. Let me see if there's any other way. It looks like you earned thirty in September. That would have been your first one. Then seventy in December, but I don't show a third one. Okay. Well, that's good. Okay. Well, to check that, let me give you the number to Asset Health Coaching. That is who does the coaching. And you can verify that with them, and they should be able to send that on over and maybe get that reward for you. They'll verify if they have that date off. So, give me just a second. Okay, that number is eight seven seven five one five two six one five. Yep. You're welcome. If there's not anything else, we do thank you for participating in the CareFirst Blue Cross Blue Shield Wellness Program. There's a short survey. If you'll stay on the line just a moment, have a good day today. Thank you. All right, bye bye.
