Hello. Thank you so much for patiently waiting. My name is Sam. I'm part of the finance department. May I have your order number? Okay. Um. All right. I managed to pull up an order. And just to make sure that this is yours, may I please have your name? Okay, so Monsieur, according to here, your order has been set up for review by our finance system. So we just need to verify some information here before we can process your order fully. Okay, so first, this can you please verify the billing address provided in this order? Okay. Next, is may I know the email address used in making the purchase? Okay, is this a personal email or a business email? Okay, understood. Next, is may I know the type of card or mode of payment used in placing the order? Okay. Can you please verify the type of card or mode of? Payment that was used in placing the order. Okay, and may I know the name of the bank that issued the Visa card? Okay, and lastly, in the card message on the order, can you please verify how did you sign the card message, Michael? Okay. All right, there is the card signature. May I ask, Miss, is Michael a nickname that you go by, or are placing the order on behalf of someone else? Okay, and may I ask, how is Michael related to you? Okay, understood. Thank you so much for that. Now I can attempt to have this checked out with our system so we can process this for delivery. Meanwhile, while I do that, can I put you on hold for a couple minutes? All right, I'll be back with you shortly. I'm putting you on hold now.      他。 Okay, hello, Miss. Thank you so much for patience, and I apologize for the long hold. I have managed to verify your order. So, with that said, I appreciate you verifying all this information. We just needed to make sure that none of our accounts or personal data weren't being used without your permission. So, just to confirm a couple of information here, is this order going to you? I'm sorry. One of your one. Can you please repeat that? I'm here. I'm here. Yes. Working, please. Okay. All right. So now we'll proceed with the delivery, and once the delivery for the third of June has been completed. You will be notified via email. So, aside from this, is there anything else that I can further assist you? You're very welcome, and thank you so much for verifying your order from New Flowers. Have a wonderful evening. Bye for now.
