Thank you for calling Indicator. My name is Steven Nicolai. How can I help you? Oh, my apologies for this delay. Let me help you. Okay, I see this order from St. Greenford today at 12:15, right? Okay, let me call them and get an update about the driver. May I please hold for a few minutes, please? Thank you. Hello, I'm calling from Missy Caneder. My name is Leo on the recording line. I'm speaking with Mr. Aldi Wahab. I'm stills ringing about the order from Sweet Green, going at one Lakefront. You're not calling sir because the customer is waiting for you, and she wants to get an ETA to complete the delivery. I'm calling about the order that you have from Sweet Green. Let me know. Are you? Oh, got it. Got you. Just let me know. Do you have an ETA to complete this delivery? About you, pardon? Okay. And may I know how far you are from the customer? Do you have an arrival time? 100%. Okay, so let me notify the customer that you are only around 15 minutes away from them. Yeah, I will notify the customer that you are only 15 minutes away from them, right? That's the ETA. Okay, let me notify the customer. Thank you, sir. Have a good one. Ah, I'm sorry. So you don't have the order yet, do you? I'm sorry. Do you have the order with you, or you don't? Okay, so you have not gone to the store yet. Uncle Richard, do you have the order with you, or you don't? Okay, so you won't be able to pick up and deliver this order, right? Because you you had the accident with the the tire, right? Okay, so let me notify the customer if the customer wants to wait. So. Yes, please go to the store and pick up the order, and then we'll inform the customer that this order will be late because of the issue, right? That you had. Okay. Let me notify the customer. Thank you, sir, for this update. Have a good one. Thank you. Hello. Thank you for calling. I think for haunting. I'm sorry for the long haunting time. Okay, I was able to get an update from the driver. In case, well, the driver had an accident. One of her, well, tire went flat. That's why he's, well, he had this delay to pick up the order. And now he's on the way to the store to pick up the order and then to complete the delivery to you. Based on the ETA I was able to get from this driver, and because of the issues, the delivery. Could be arriving to you in the next 30 or 35 minutes. That will be the last update I was able to get from the driver on this delivery service. My apologies, I paid for this delay. In this case, I do not want to wait, or if you call, well, maybe pick up the order from the store to get this order, well, sooner. That's right, because basically he he went well, he wasn't able to be on. Time because of the issue that he had with her car, that's why he hasn't gone to the store yet. However, the store has your order ready, and I don't know if you want to wait or you can call them and see if maybe they have someone available from the store to deliver the order to you as soon as possible, or if you could pick up the order from the store as well. Okay, so let me call them and confirm they can do this. Delivery for you, and just let me know. Do you want to continue? How do you want me to give you a call back? Okay, let me call the store. Just a minute. Hello, Paige. I'm calling you back from Missy Cater. My name is Leon, the recorder. Hi, I was able to get an update about the driver. In that case, well, we needed to cancel that one and get a new driver to complete this delivery as soon as possible to you. In that case, we just sent a new driver to the store to pick up the order. However, the delay will be still late because of the issue that we had before. In this case, we can help and give you the well, the full refund for this delay, if that's okay for you, because the new ETA will be by 1:15 p.m. That will be the new delivery time. I was able to confirm with the new driver. 1:15. That's right. Okay, and also we'll apply the modification to the order with a 100% discount, and I will send you the update through email. If you have any questions, please call us back. Thank you. Have a good one. Okay.
