Thanks for calling EasyCare. My name is Eric on our call line. How may I assist you today? No, don't worry, Scott. My name is Eric. Okay. Okay. Sir Scott, don't worry. I will be more than glad to assist you on this one. Ah, so let me access to the account, well, to the order, and help you out, okay? Very good, pleasure. Sir Scott, can I have the name of the person that will be picking up the order? Okay. Sure. Okay. Okay. So what I'm gonna do then in this situation, Scott? Uh, yes. The we don't have like the option to what the name of the. Person who is picking up the order, right? But what I'm gonna do is that I'm gonna leave the order notated, and we will make a follow up with the other caterer, right? First of all, so they can be aware of the order, and second of all, telling them who is gonna be picking up the order for you, okay? No, and I feel you. So, what I can go ahead and try to do for you right now, Scott, is uh, let me double check something real quick, and no, very good pleasure. So let's see. So based on. Yes, it seems that they are open until ten. So what I can do for you right now, Scott, is to see if I can call them, place you on a brief hold, right, and see if I can get in touch with them and ask them if they will be able to accept the order. Okay. No, a very good pleasure. Tell me. Ah, very good pleasure. Ah, the other. Option that I have for use code as well. I can make a follow up via email, text, or a callback, or you prefer to wait with me on hold. Okay, sure thing. I'll be back. Okay. Very good pleasure. Hello, guys. This is Eric from Easy Care on our other line. You mean? Yes, is that I do have a customer on the other line, Victor, that he placed a last minute order with you guys for 10:45. As a pickup for tomorrow, but I don't know if you will be able, like, to accept the order. You just want to make sure. Sure, go ahead. Yep. Okay, awesome. Are you able to accept the order, or do you want me to accept the order on your behalf now that I have it? Based on this one, Victor, it is 103 S Seventh Street in Los Angeles. Okay, awesome. Just to let you know, the last request for the customer is that he will not go directly. He will send one of her crew workers, call Maria Vergara, just to Maria Figueroa. Just to let you know. Awesome. Thank you very much for all your help, Victor. Take care. Bye bye. So, Scott, thank you very much for patiently holding. Are you still with me? Yeah. Awesome. Glad to hear that. So, yes, I was able to speak with them, and they are able to make the order for you, and they are aware of Maria figuring out picking up the order. Okay, as well. Sorry? Yes, they they know all this information. Yes, no, a very good question. In case they do not remember that she is Maite, right? She can go ahead and give her name, and that would work. So they can give the order to her. No, thank you very much for your words, Scott. I was a very good. Pleasure helping you out as well. Remember that we're 24/7 whenever you want to call us or need help, right? So you can give us a call whenever you need. Okay? You too, Scott. Take care. Bye, bye.
