And that's easy to undo as well, so not too worried about either those. But that's why I had you wait on issuing them so that we could correct those if needed. Yeah. Um, give me one second, loading it up. But to reverse a cancel, it. I'm just loading up to check on the current cancellation reason. Mm-hmm. Or date. Yeah, it's a reverse cancellation. Yeah, I'm not. I'm not sure, but I. Probably use the wrong date. I don't know. Let's just double check real quick. I'll get that loaded up. I don't know why things are loading very slow on my end, but um, this is for Ted, right? Because it's Friday, yes. Because it's Friday night, it's time to stop working. I couldn't agree more. Um, oh yeah, we're real close to the end of the day too. Are you based in Utah? We're big coast. Nope, I'm in Boston. It's past. Oh, okay, yeah. Stop working. Okay. Well, we can proceed over email for sure. I did mostly want to get over the possible solutions for the other one that was already done. No, I'm just joking. I want to get this done, so let's let's let's get this done. Okay. Okay. Finally. No, looks like that was correct. Canceled as of July 28, 2023. And so, what you showed in your cap table is that from issue date of December eighteenth, twenty nineteen, up until the cancellation date of twenty twenty three, this was outstanding, and that thirty eight thousand was allocated towards Ted. So that's correct. So all you need to do is adjust the issue dates on your drafted ones right now. Right. Okay. Got it. Okay. Good. So if you're ready to get into CSW thirty six, I have an idea that I think we. Allows us so we don't have to reverse everything. Like we don't have to reverse the exercise or the transfer itself. Just a caveat or two about it, but so it's not intended for you to be able to modify the quantity in a transaction like that. That can mess with data. Yeah, because partial transfers aren't you know supported. However, you adjust it in a way that it's technically okay because warrants are a special case security where. It's not a huge impact, and the original quantity is currently showing as 23,810, and you technically modified it so it's reflecting a full transfer of CSW36 to CSW84 in terms of that number. So actually, I think it's okay to leave that way, but to make sure the historical accuracy is there, that Ted was originally granted the full amount of 48,000, right? It was around that number, right? I'm thinking simply issuing a new warrant, but this time the issue date on that warrant would be backdated to September 1st, 2018, to reflect the portion that wasn't transferred. Okay, can we can instead? Can we can we undo what I did? Sure. I can do it. If you'd rather do it that same way, yeah, no problem. I'll just need some written confirmations and let me check on that exercise done on the end. So I have to do it all the way because that resulting CSW84 was marked as exercised and turned into a certificate CS91. I'll have to delete CS91 as well. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, I feel like that's the better way to do it so that. Okay. Shows. Yeah, and I can just, if you want to email me, I can give you written confirmation. But but that way, I feel like it's going to have a better paper trail. Okay. Yeah, no problem. I'll go ahead do that. You'll just need to adjust the quantity on CSW 36 after we get it reversed all the way back to what it originally was. I'll get some written confirmations to do that. Seeing as though I'll need to make sure that it's done correctly and it's not impacting anywhere in the cap table, this might not be done till Monday. Is that all right with that time frame? Just seeing as we're twenty minutes away from end of day. Yeah, I mean if we can if we can do it twenty minutes, great. If not, it's okay. Okay, I'll get all the written confirmations needed to proceed, but. I don't see that anything else from that transaction, including original, has been sent to the holder, and so no reason for me to need to notify them. I'll just get written confirmation from you to reverse it entirely. Just double-checking that really quick. Any other questions for me about that workflow, though? No, I don't think so. Okay, all right. Well, I'll send you that email. But I'll let you go then. You have a great day. If you ever want to get in contact again, do the same thing you did. Just call in and say. Case number, and they'll get you right to me. Okay, so basically, you're just going to cancel everything, and then I'll be able to do what I did with the other one, and we should have the same sort of paper trail. We'll do it the same way CSW68 wants to do.
