So, Interstellar One Rail. All right, just loading up your account. How can I help you today? Yeah, I'm just looking to see if you could help me out with something specifically. I'm looking to create a fasting schedule, specifically milestone-based fasting schedule. And I was just wondering if there's a way you can help me do that because I know it's grayed out in the normal UI, but I thought I heard there might have been some old UI ability to do that. Um. To create a milestone vesting schedule, is that right? Correct. Basically, options vest if something happens. Yeah, no problem. And actually, you can still do it on the draft option grants to the new one. I think you're saying like when you click custom vesting schedule or create a vesting schedule while drafting options, you're not able to select over to the milestone based portion. Is that right? Correct. Correct. Okay. And is this one that you're going to be attaching to multiple equity awards or just one? Um. I need to create two, one for each award. So there's going to be two different awards. Okay, gotcha. I'm going to need to create one for one for each. Okay, gotcha. Give me a second. I'm thinking it might be best to create a template investing schedule. I believe we should be able to do it on the draft page now. Let me go and put you on a quick hold, okay? Thank you.    All right, thanks for waiting. You still there? Yeah. All right, perfect. So, yeah, I'm going to have you navigate to the Securities tab, and then Securities Templates from the drop down on the left side. Security tab. Okay. Yep. And what we'll actually do is just build out these templated schedules as milestones, so that you can attach them to the vesting to the equity awards themselves. Okay. So go ahead, click onto the vesting schedules tab, and that loads up. Yep. And then create vesting in the top right. Okay. All right. Right in there. Perfect. Just click down to the custom tab. When that loads up, and you've created, you've clicked Create Vesting Schedule. Oh, yes, custom. Perfect. And then there, you can switch it from time-based to milestone. And so, when you set it to milestone, the only difference here is just that you're setting a specific percentage of the option grant to vest rather than a quantity, because it doesn't know that until it's attached.
