Yes, I just spoke to somebody. He says he's going to call me back. It's been one hour. I haven't received the phone call yet. I just received an order for tomorrow delivery. Is the order number U as an umbrella, X as in Xerox, H as in Henry, U as an umbrella, A as in Apple, J as in John? Yeah, this is him speaking. Because I just received the order, I I already received one big order for tomorrow, 10:45, you know, pickup, and this is another one came in. I said that I can do it, but I need to move this time 30 minutes. I cannot; is not going to be ready. Eleven fifteen is they're asking for ten forty five, and and then I only get eleven strawberry cheesecake and four. I'm gonna give them lemon cake, lemon lime lime cake. They're really good. The same price. So there's two things I was gonna check with the customer. Never call me back. Yeah, Bob. Yeah, so I have, I have, I I have eleven pieces. I'm missing four. Four, I'm gonna give them lemon too. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. So my, I gave them 15 minutes. What I already made the arrangement, everything. I already bought some some of the stuff. We don't keep them stocked. I already bought few things. So right now. It's not gonna be canceled or anything because I already arranged with the employee. They're coming tomorrow, extra employee, so I cannot change it. It's too late. So I told them I give them 30 minutes. I haven't heard. So right now it's a done deal. But only thing is that I'm not gonna ever give 15, or they can pay me less, or they can get four lemon cake. But the delivery will be push 15 to 30 minutes because since I have two orders. But the order maybe is at 10:45, but I'm just giving note that it may delay 30 minutes, okay? 我不，嗯，我，嗯。 Good point. Our goal is to get the ready whatever time. But like I said, in case something happened, I am telling maybe 30 minutes. So that way, I don't want to get phone call. Oh, it didn't deliver. We need to cancel. We need refund. I'm not gonna do this. I'm letting you know that we will try. But that's why, as soon as I receive, before I confirm the order, I call. I say, "Look, this is my condition." But I haven't heard anything. So now it's done. Deal. And can you reconfirm this order because the owner won't allow me to do that? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. De vale.
