Hi, Winnie. It's Gordon Shea. I'm a relatively new hire at this company, HealthPro Heritage, and I applied for, you know, the medical benefits, and I got a confirmation number, as you know, it's effective as of January first, and then. I still haven't gotten any. I haven't gotten the insurance cards in the mail. I tried. I called you guys earlier and was told to call Anthem, Blue Cross, Blue Shield, and at the number I was at the number I was given, they couldn't they couldn't help me there. They tried to get me over to somebody else in Maryland, Blue Cross, Blue Shield, and no no one could tell me anything. Are you are you able to give me any information? Yeah, and then they said I had to talk to Maryland Blue Cross. Blue Shield, so they gave me an 800 number, but that that was not a that wasn't a good number to. I couldn't get anywhere with with that number either. I gave my social security number. They they did a search. They didn't see anything. But I mean, my fear is that I'm not covered. And that's effective as of January first, because I even looked at right the last paycheck that didn't have anything taken out for medical. Say that once again. Sorry, do you want the date? Yeah, I guess it was a paycheck that was paid on the seventeenth. I might be able to give you the dates of that. Let me see. Okay, it's from twelve twenty. Covers the period of December twenty ninth to January eleventh. And under deductions, it says no records found. 嗯。 no. When you say you're starting a case, meaning someone's going to look into this, right? Hmm. I don't want to jinx. I don't want to jinx it, but I know most employers, when you start, usually you don't get your medical benefits for several months. So I was planning on staying on Cobra, you know, for that period of time, but this says that I'm I'm covered as. January first, and I the last I called you guys and spoke to someone else. He said, "Yes, yes, you are covered." So I said, "So I can get rid of Cobra." He said, "Yes, you can get rid of Cobra." Hmm. Hmm. All right. Well, yeah. If anything you can do to look into it, I'll I'll try again with the Blue Cross. Blue Shield thing and the Maryland number that they gave me, but whatever you could do would be appreciated.  Yes, three o one six four six four four five seven. Yep. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, Jen. Go. Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. That's one zero five three seven seven five three. Great. And your name was Winnie, right? All right. Well, thank you so much. No, that's it for now. Thank you. Right. 嗯。
