What was your name again? Sorry. Stefan. Hey, I have a question about an order. I don't know if you can help me with that. Yeah, the order. Yeah, I have an order number. It's two zero. R as a Raymond. Um. JS and Jaden five four. It was on last Friday the twenty eighth. Gay five four. No, while I was looking, and I I saw that we lost our rock star. the the the roster status on that store, and I was trying to see. Can you tell me why our and I noticed that our on time at the delivery time score went down, the percentage. But I was, I captured that this order there was the customer reported that it was too early. She wanted at seven forty. 7:45, but the invoice says 7:30 to 7:45. 7:30, it says 7:30 through 7:45. So pretty much, we always we always go based on the first time. We have to be there by the first time, which is, you know, the 7:30 through 7:45. We normally use it to to set up. You know what I mean, but we always be there at the first time, which is seven thirty. So if the guest wanted at seven forty-five, you guys should have done seven forty-five to eight, so we can be there at seven forty-five. But we still got marked for that. Uh huh. The well, I I read the comment. It said the the guest wanted at seven forty five, but that um uh on here it says order on Friday, March twenty eight at seven thirty, um, and then customer requested delivery time at seven forty five. So I'm confused. Um, and that's why we were early.  Does that affect? Can you tell me that order affect the score? Why we lost it, or you can't see any of that? Okay. Right. It. I don't know if that had to do with the um, with the score going down. I don't know. That's what I'm trying to figure out, so I can help the store. No, I'm looking. So every month, I always look. It's a bit the beginning month, so I always look who's who kept it, who lost it, because it's part of. Uh. The bonus program for the managers. So, but I noticed that we dropped, and the only thing that I noticed is that our delivery percentage from from we had a over ninety eight. Well, obviously we we were rough start, but now I dropped to ninety seven. Um. So, but so I went through the reviews and see what happened because I don't remember being sending any orders late. Um, and the only one that catch my attention was. The one that it was that it was too early. So I'm trying to figure out which one was it, or why, or how we dropped the percentage and we lost the status. Right. Hmm. 啊。 And how do I dispute that? Do I go to reviews, or do I do it on Easy Manage? Because I never dispute one review. Uh huh. Right. Okay. Um. Right. Okay. Okay, I can do that. All right. All right. Thank you. Okay. Bye.
