Thank you for calling the Dollar General Benefits Service Center. This is Maisie speaking. Am I speaking to you today? What can I do for you? Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. I can tell you what happened, but there's no medical coverage. There's just dental and vision, so that's the only thing that's coming out of the payroll. It looks like during open enrollment. Yeah. What was the amount for it? Okay. Yeah, you'd have to refer to payroll for those deductions because there's no medical coverage. I can see you have dental and vision. Yeah, there is no medical coverage. You'd have to refer to payroll as to what's being deducted, but there's only dental and vision. I can see. No, it's not. I can see that you didn't sign up during open enrollment. Okay. You can try to submit an appeal if you wanted to do that. Outside of that, you need a qualifying life event within the 45-day time frame to add it. Yeah. As of November sixteenth, it looks like you didn't sign up. For any that was your promotion date, and it looks like you didn't sign up. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately, that wouldn't be okay. I can get you over to HR to see if they can walk you through it. But on the benefits end. You need the qualifying life event within the forty-five day time frame. You can try getting a hold of HR. Yeah, we can't fix anything because you didn't sign up for it. So I can walk you through the appeal process. Okay, yeah, you can. For sure, yeah, you would have to submit that all into the appeal then, um, to have that sent over to the benefits center. Um, so I can walk you through that process. Yeah, Maisie. So it's just a rent request that. Yeah, it's just a written request that needs the reason for the appeal request, which would be that you need medical coverage and that you signed up for it, and then any documentation that supports it. So if you feel comfortable submitting a pay stub, I would definitely do that. Or if you have a confirmation from when you signed up, I would submit that as well. Yeah, do you prefer mail or fax? Yeah. So, fax. It's going to be one eight six six seven seven one seven two six nine, and then it'll be attention to the Dollar General Benefits Service Center. You would just need your full name, employee ID. And then a good daytime phone number for you. And then mailing address, same thing, the Dollar General. Correct. Nope, just the Dollar General Benefits Service Center. Yep, same thing, the Dollar General Benefits Service Center. And then you'll need. It'll be P.O. Box. Two nine. Eight seven. That's to Bel Air. That's Bismoloi. E. L L. A I. R E. Texas. Seven seven four. Zero two, and then same. That one, no attention because it's just mailing. But then on the appeal, you would just want to make sure, obviously, you have like your full name, again, employee ID, and then a phone number for them to reach out back to you with. And then the time frame to be reviewed is just one to two weeks. And then again, I would just put as much. No, no. Ah, no, we don't do emails. Well, you can always call into the benefit center, but we'll call to you in one to two weeks. Um. I mean, you can reference this case number, but it won't make a difference for the. Peel, but I can definitely get it for you whenever you're ready. It is one zero five three seven zero four four. Awesome. Anything else I could assist you with today? Is there anything else I could assist you with today? Okay. Awesome. Well, thank you for calling the Dollar General Benefits Service Center. Have a great weekend.
