But we we worked with his estate planning attorney. It was a little tricky, but it was effective as of September 14th, 2018. Okay. And the the case assistant slash paralegal that was here at the time is no longer with the firm, so I'm trying to piece this together. We had to make the issuance date September 14th on on 1551, and I know the system's flagging, going, "Hey, this doesn't make sense." These earlier sent. Certificates were issued in December, but now you're, you've transferred them out. You made the effective date earlier, right? And there was a reason for all that. We have all the documentation; we just didn't upload it. My question for you is: how do we, how do we clear this as far as an account health check? Because this was done intentionally. Okay, there's no way that I'm seeing to to clear it. So. So maybe just tell them to ignore it. They well, essentially yes, but so we're telling the system deliberately. See, as you know, twenty-four and twenty-six were issued in December nineteenth, and they were transferred before that issuance in September fourteenth. Okay. Yeah, unless I guess. Let me think. I'm trying to think out of the box. I could go back. I think this is five years ago. Yeah, I'm just thinking the documentation we did attach to this. Oh boy. Yeah. This. I mean, I wonder if the cleanup would be that we need to, like, to clear this. And I don't even know if that's kosher. It's just an idea I have popping in my brain, right? To run this back to the attorneys and say, "Okay, hey, this the system can't make sense of it, and obviously, to a person just eyeballing it, it doesn't make sense to me, right? When I first looked at it, but maybe we need to go back and look at the documentation. If the September grants were supposed to actually, in fact, be before the December one, then maybe the transfer should have, like." Is there a way for us to clean this up? Where we have the September, can we roll things back so the September transfers happen first, followed by the December transfers? I mean, yes, we could. Essentially, I'm just very quickly eyeballing this. So these numbers aren't correct, but. Essentially, delete from the 70s back to the 50s-ish, and open up the original certificates in the 20s back up to be transferred again, or I guess edited first with different issue dates potentially, and then transferred. Um, that, it, yes. I mean, we we can delete. Things and things can be done again, but yeah, I mean, if the health check isn't breaking anything, then I don't know if I would recommend doing all that work. If they were intending to reflect something that way, and and the system just doesn't know how to make sense of it, yeah, yeah, you know.
