Thank you for calling the HISD Benefit Service Center. This is Nicole speaking. Who am I speaking with today? Thank you, Mr. Davis. Bear with me while I get your account opened up here. And can I get the last four digits of your social security number, please? Thank you so much. And to get you fully verified, what is your date of birth? Thank you. And what address would I have on file for you? Thank you. And what can I assist you with on your account today? Um, you did recently change current. Sorry, you did recently. Change healthcare providers at the beginning of the year. It went to United Healthcare. If you have not received those cards yet, I can most definitely provide you with the number to United Healthcare so that you can get his ID information so that you can use those benefits, of course. Yeah, of course. Bear with me here for just a moment while I get their number up. All right, so I'm showing that the carrier number for United Healthcare for the Charter Plan is going to be eight seven seven eight zero five one nine seven zero. Would you like me to transfer you? I'm sorry. Yeah, I don't have the member ID information here in my system. I just kind of turn on and off the benefits. But to get that actual ID information, you would want to reach out to the medical carrier. Pretty much the same information as when you call in here. It should get. The account opened up there as well, so that they can assist you with a card. They should be able to assist you with sending out a card in the mail, but they should be able to provide you with like a member ID number or something that your doctor would be able to use to look it up in the system as well. Absolutely. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? Yeah, yeah, of course. We'll verify his coverage. A few seconds here. Yeah, I see employee plus children. Yeah, he is showing as active, so it they should have him on file over there. You're welcome. Would you like me to transfer you through to them? Absolutely. Thanks for calling the HISC Benefit Service Center today, and I hope you have a great weekend. Thank you.
