And then I should have a six-digit pin on my profile. Are you using the app or? I am. Okay, got it. I'm using the app right now. Yeah, so you should see, like, in the bottom, it'll say, like, account, and then there should be an area that says six-digit support pin or support. Is it manage card of accounts? Ah, no. I see profile. Okay, keep. Scrolling down, and you should see where it says "Get help, contact Carter Support, Customer Support." Oh, okay, there it is, Customer Support. Perfect. Yeah, all right, I have it when you're ready. Go ahead. Five, four, six, six, one, six. Perfect. Is Aaron? Yep. Wonderful. I have that verified for you. What's going on today? How can I help? Okay, nice. Bobby's actually. Hi, I'm his dad. My, my name is Mike. Hi, hi, Mike. Hi, we're together. Good. So, Aaron is no longer working for Newton X. However, he has, and I'm not very familiar with these options and stuff like that, so that's why we're, I'm a little confused. So it's listed on his holdings in the portfolio. He has 1,332 option grants. Below that, it's. Says he has 1,066 options issued on May 11th of 22. One side of it says terminated in pink, and the other it says expires in one day. And then the next slide over to that says 266 options, and that was issued on October 25th of 22. Above that, above the option grants, which is 1332 under holdings, there's three things. It says exercised, and it's zero. Vested 142 and total options 1,332. So it says everything this expires in one day. So we're a little confused. What should he do? And can he? Is he going to lose all these all this stock that he had gotten? So if you do not exercise or initiate the exercise before tomorrow. It would expire and forfeit. The ones that are exercisable are the 142 under that security. So, in other words, so the other ones he doesn't have to do anything with, right? Right now, correct? Correct. Yes. What does it mean when you exercise the vested option? So, what does he have to do? Does he just? Get the money for it, or does he have to pay? What is that? I'm just a little unclear on that. Yeah, no worries. So, when you're exercising, you are buying ownership into that company, the issuing company. So, you would be paying the company money to own those 142 options. Oh, I understand. So, everything that include is included in the. The fact that he has a one thousand three hundred thirty-two options doesn't mean that he owns the stock. It just means that he had the option to own the stock, correct? Correct. Yep, you got it. So all of this means he doesn't really he can't sell anything, right? He can't. Right. Or right. So it makes really no sense for him at this point, I guess, to buy to to exercise the options. Does that make? That would be up to you, and to make that decision, totally up to you. Can't really say yes or no, but. Well, could you tell me the pros and cons of either exercising it or not exercising it? So, not exercising, you lose the option to buy any of the ownership or buy into the company at all. If you purchase or exercise the options that have vested, you would then own those 142 options. Later on, if the company ever were to get acquired, sold.
