Hello. Thank you for patiently holding on the line. This is Christine from the finance department. Can you have your order number? Okay, sir. Thank you so much. One moment, please, sir. I would like to. Confirm the order number is four three two six six nine six five. Okay, sir. Apologies. Okay. Um. Before anything else, sir, I would like to confirm who am I speaking with right now, and your last name, please. Okay, so sir, when I check here in my end, sir, in order for me, sir, to fully process the order or to disclose any information regarding the order, sir, since the order been flagged by our system for a manual review process for our security measure, I just need first to verify some information here in my end, okay? So first, sir, could you please verify to me the complete billing address, and also may I know the email address if you use when making this purchase? Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. And also, may I know, sir, if this email that you provide here in our system, if it is a personal email or a business email? About the type of card or the mode of payment you use when placing this order on our website. Hello, sir. Yes, sir. I would like you to verify the mode of payment or the type of card you use when. Placing this order on our website, if it is a American Express, Mastercard, a Visa, or a Discover. And also, may I know the name of the issuing bank? The name of the bank institution, sir. All right. One last question, sir. I would like to confirm if. Do you happen to provide any card message along with this order? Okay, one moment. Okay, sir. First of all, I would like first thank you for verifying all the information provided here, as we just wanted to make sure, sir, that nobody was. Using any of your accounts or information without your permission. So upon checking in here, sir, supposedly this arrangement should be delivered yesterday. However, sir, I will send you an email through your email address provided here in the order in regards to the order that needs to be verified first in order for us to sign the stone of our shop. And however, you just called us right now. If you still would like to, sir, I can process the arrangement. To have it delivered for today, and I will going to refund the same fee that you paid for, since we did not deliver the arrangement yesterday. Okay, sir. And also, I would like to inform you, sir, that once the arrangement is already been received by the recipient, you will be receiving another email, a delivery confirmation, through your email address provided here in the order. Okay. Is there anything else? Thank you, Swallow, sir, for calling from You Flowers, and have a great day ahead. Bye bye.
