Hi, I am calling because I just redeemed some points and for an Amazon gift card, and I did not receive an email with the gift card. Yes. She probably should have called social worker. I did. Yep, I did. It's not there. It's e a n d t j o n s w o l d at yahoo dot com. This could she look more like? That's fine. Yeah, because Newhall wants to be out of trouble. So when they went in, and I'm sure she walked in like that. Just so now. But at the end, the hair, not just the hair, but the way the bangs are pushed. The insert, the door, the mirror, the other pieces. I thought this was going to be a great story. Almost a miracle. Yeah. One really hard way to learn a lesson about how important the police are to the community is that the afternoon we call all these shots and just walk away down the street. Also, like you don't go in and basically know the time. You know, steady climbing rate. Maybe we come outside of it. Maybe they'll be back in the shadows. I need to see the street. Would like. Okay, let me check a peacock if I received it. Ah, that's weird. Breathing. Tom is dead. Yes, you don't need to buy that. That hard when everyone's out. Is this connecting? So, give it a second here. Get out, Piper! Get your face out! Hey, hmm. Let me try it on my computer. Just a second to check on my computer because I think it needs to update right now. I can lock up every door. Check again, just so I'm sure. Clutching from the pain, my eyes open while I'm fighting. My home just out of range. I can throw out all these copies of excerpts of history. There's always such a pity. I opened and I closed. That would be under control. It might be just kind of a dream. My name is Mike Cannon, founder of Signal Relief. Much of my career has been working in construction. I love outdoors and horses. That active lifestyle would have caused my body to hurt. I didn't want to let's affect my family or my life, and that's what motivated me to create a team to build the Signal Relief patch. Technology clinically proven to reduce the impact of pain. The patch is a game changer. No creams, no pills, no wires. The patch is reusable, and there's a real money-back guarantee. Whether it's your neck, back, knee, shoulder, or just aches and pains, this patch can give you life back. When I gave my best friend a patch with tears in his eyes, he said it was the first time in 16 years he did not hurt. Join the hundreds of thousands who found relief. I'm asking you to try the. Signer release patch today. By going to our website, if you're thinking about buying, it means you need one. You have nothing to lose. I promise. The patch works. I don't know why our internet seems to be having a problem as well. Um, I'm on the phone. Trying. Just mute it. I'm mute. Commercial on the phone for work. Yeah, it doesn't appear that there's income there, but let me get out and try one more time. Okay, that'd be great. Pretty sure Piper's out there. What's that? The dogs out there. They've been out there. They're inside. I'm shutting the door. Thank you. Ah, yep, that worked. Beautiful. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. That was it. Thanks a bunch. Appreciate it. Have a great night. Bye bye.
