Hey, I was just trying to place an order through Easy Cater, and I have a couple of questions before I finalize it. Is that all right? Yeah, yeah, that's correct. Yep, that's the one. Yeah. Basically, my question was, I'm ordering this. I'm ordering this on behalf of a couple of folks that are on site, so I won't be the one that's physically collecting the order at the restaurant. So, in this case, is there an option for me to leave someone else's name and phone number related to my order, or is that not an option? Yeah. Yeah. That's that's what I'm trying to do right now. Like right now, I'm on the review and place your order page. So, and I don't think I got the the option before that. But if there's like another way that I could possibly edit, that would be great. 嗯。 Got it. So, can I also do that post-checkout, or do I do I have to go back and do that before I check out? Yeah, the name would be Hannah Feinberg. So the spelling for that would be H A N N A H. So Hannah, and then Feinberg would be F E I N B E R G. Yep, sure. F E I N B E R G. So Feinberg. Our phone number would be two four zero four four six zero five one. Eight. Okay, awesome. Sounds good. And then, I guess my last question was: I just wanted to double check and verify with you. Basically, I was I was originally intending to have it delivered to the to the party venue, but basically, some plans have changed. We're going to have it picked up instead. The correct option to pick with that for that would be takeout, correct? Okay, takeout. Okay, awesome. Because I was just a bit confused because it still asked for an address, so I just still added the party location. In case it got delivered, but okay, I just want to double check that as well. Awesome, sounds good. And then, like in this case, do I also have the option to call the restaurant after I place the order? Is that is that possible as well to coordinate with them, or is that okay? Yeah, awesome. Could I get that phone number now? Is that okay? Yep, I'm ready. Five one zero two zero seven double eight thirty seven. So five one zero two zero seven eight eight thirty seven. Correct. Awesome. Okay, you've been amazing. Thanks so much. That's all for now. You have a great day. Bye bye. Hello. Yep. Okay, gotcha. Okay, yeah, I can definitely give that give that to her as well. That's that's a great idea. Yeah, thank you so much for your call. Awesome. Take care. Bye bye.
