Thank you for calling from your flower. My name is Imran. How may I help you today? I am sorry for the inconvenience. Could you please help me with the order number, ma'am, so I can check the detail, please. Yes. Uh huh. Thank you for the information, ma'am. Can you please help me with the verification of your first and last name and the recipient's first and last name, please? Thanks for the information, ma'am. Just one moment, let me check the details, ma'am. Be online. Thanks for the patience, ma'am, and sorry for the long hold. Ma'am, I can see your order was not delivered till yet. So, actually, there was some issues with the florist. So, if you allow me, so I can assign a new florist for this order, and the order will get delivered today, ma'am. No, no, it was not delivered till yet, ma'am. If you allow, so if you allow me to place a new florist. Like I can assign a new florist for this order, and the order will get delivered today, ma'am. And you have mentioned here the time. Please deliver by 3:30 p.m. So, if as for your request, I can inform the new florist to deliver at this time, ma'am. Yeah, I will try. Like we will try to deliver this order as soon as. Possible, ma'am. Just one moment. Let me assign a new florist for this order, ma'am. One moment, please. Yep. Thank you.    Thank you for your patience, ma'am. Yeah, I have assigned a florist. New florist for this order, ma'am. Okay. And yeah, yeah, and it will get the order delivered by today, ma'am. Yep. Yeah, it is already been refunded, ma'am. Yesterday. Ah, one thing I can do, ma'am, like I can give you the. Twenty percent of the refund, it will be okay. Yeah, just one moment. You can check the email, ma'am. I have refunded twenty percent of the amount. So, and I will request you to wait till today. The order will get delivered, ma'am. Yeah. Yeah. Is there anything else I can help, ma'am? Oh, oh! According to the company policy, it is not like we cannot provide the information of the florist. But when the order is delivered, ma'am, you will get an email confirmation for that, ma'am. Don't worry. Yeah. Thank you. Have a nice day, ma'am. Bye, bye.
