Thank you for calling Educator. This is Nad. I'm now recording the line. How can I help you? Okay. I understand. I do apologize if there is any type of compensation towards the order that you guys are not aware of. But let me just go ahead and double check from my end of what's going on, so I can better assist you. At this moment, with who am I speaking? Okay. Do you have any details of the order? The one you're speaking about, so I can open the right one. Yes, go ahead. Okay, thank you. I really do appreciate it. Give me just a few moments, so let me just open real quick this order. Okay. You're welcome, sir. Let's see it here. Okay, let me just open real quick this order. And you said that you guys delivered the order on time. Uh huh. Yes, it seems here that the actual the customer called. Yes, she actually spoke with an agent at 5:58, and it seems that that same agent spoke with somebody at their location, and they were saying that that driver was actually five minutes. It will be arriving after six o'clock, and they actually agreed to remove the delivery fee as part of the compensation. Because the order was late. That is correct. It seems that her name was Fatima. It says here. Do you know if the driver actually arrived at six p.m. at the location and actually went after six p.m. at the customer office? Because the customer called us at six p.m. and the order, she still didn't receive the order that time. I just want to make sure about it. Yes, I just see here as well that the driver. It seems that he actually completed the order at five forty-nine, but the customer actually called us at six, and he still hasn't received the order yet. Okay, I understand. I will go ahead and I will adjust the order once again. I will just noteate the order that in this case there was a confusion because the customer called us and she still hasn't received the order by the time. But I will noteate the order about. Okay, no worries about it. Perfect. Anything else that we can do? Let me just double check something real. Quick, right now, happy because I know there's a different process. So let me just make sure that I can be able to make any type of changes right now. Okay, just give me a few moments. Let me just, uh, let me just double check this real quick. Bear with me. Just let me just double check something real quick right now. Sit here because I know that when it comes to the disputes, there's a different process. So. Bear with me. Let's do that. Let me just double check this was actually five hours ago. Nice. Hmm. Okay, I just see here. Okay, ah, just like was told before, there is actually a different process, and once again, I do apologize. Do you have access, by any chance, to your Easy Manage account? I see, got it. Just because, actually, you will need to request a dispute in regards. Of the issue, and as well for the compensation to be removed, that this has to be done directly through the easy manage, just for security purposes. You will need to access the order once again. And under the order, there will be a box where it says "Contact Us" in blue letters. So you will need to click on that "Contact Us" box. If by any chance that doesn't open, I will send you an email with the form directly. So that way, you can just fill out that form, and you can just dispute it. You can send that screenshot, the one that you have at this moment, Habib, versus that the order was delivered before six o'clock. So that way, the partner assistance can be able to assist him. Just did you get the email, by any chance? Just to make sure. Okay, perfect. Just go ahead and just fill out that form, the one that shows on that email, and so that way, the partner assistance. Can be able to assist. Okay, no worries about it. Perfect. Sir, is there anything else right now that I can do? My pleasure. Have a good day, sir, and stay safe.
