Thank you for calling Catera. This is Gabriel on the record line. How may I help you? I'm so sorry to listen that the order never arrived. I do really apologize for any inconvenience. You mentioned there is a sub from Subway. I'm sorry. Is this a catering order or just a regular order? Okay. With the phone number, you're. What is the confirmation? So it's VRJ four one seven. Thank you. Can you just give me a brief moment? Okay. Can I have your name, please? Verifying information. Just allow me a brief moment. Okay. Is there a wait with a security guard or someone there? Can you confirm, by any chance, if by any chance they left the order in another placement of the. Sir, I'm so sorry for this inconvenience. And to be honest with you, and I don't want to lie you, right now the restaurant is closed. I cannot call the restaurant to confirm if what was the problem or what was the reason that this order was not delivered. From my end, I do not have any update or any other information. I I can see on the order that there was no problem. There was no report. Because this order was supposed to be delivered, was assigned to a driver, was assigned to a driver that it's not from Subway. It's a driver that Subway requests. Usually, when there is a problem with the driver and the driver did not arrive, or everything, the caterer called us to let us know that the driver hasn't picked up the order, that the order is ready. We didn't receive any call, as I can see on the order, there is no problem. Reported on this order, just at the moment that you called us, and you mentioned that the order has not arrived. The only thing, to be honest with you, what I can do right now is leave a follow-up. So, can tomorrow another agent then call to the cater, ask if the order was delivered or what was the problem, if the order was never picked up from the driver or everything, and then with that information we can proceed with a refund to the account. And again, I'm, sir, at the moment I don't want to guarantee you. We can try to find a different cater, but this one is closed, and because of the time, no, the order has not been paid yet at the moment. So that is the reason that I was able to make like a follow-up for tomorrow morning, so another agent could call the cater, clarify all this inconvenience and this miscommunication. And once we have everything, the agent is going to take care if there is going to to be a refund if there is a solution for this. Okay, once they have a solution, the agent is going to take actions on this order. If they need to call you or to call Kevin, they will definitely do it. Um, yeah, don't worry. I can put it if they can call Kevin, they can definitely do it, but. The agent that is going to be working on this tomorrow is going to need to call the caterer to confirm what was the problem with this delivery. Because as I mentioned, I don't have any problem reported from this from the caterer. Yes, sir. Again, I'm so sorry. Thank, thank you, Jonathan. You two have a very good. Tonight.
