Thank you for calling from You Flowers. My name is Luke. How can I help you? Yes, I would be happy. This and that, and I wanted to apologize also for the inconvenience. Could you please provide me your order number so I could look it up and check as well? Four five zero. Okay. Give me a quick sec to pull up your order, and could you please provide me your name and the name of the recipient? And instead, could you please provide me your full name and the full name of the recipient as well? Thank you for verifying that. I do have already pulled up your order, and after checking, this was for a delivery on the thirtyth of. May, and as well, we have ordered this on April. So let me check. So, on our end as well, we do have a tracking of this, and let me check on that. So, as you said, nothing was received on the thirtieth on the day of the thirtieth on this. Okay. So, give me a quick sec to check further. Okay. So on this, um, this was delivered by UPS, and as per checking, this was delivered on the address at EP Rock three four zero one Thirteenth Street, South Hudson, Wisconsin five four zero one six, and it's um we do have a confirmation here that it was delivered on. Friday, which is the thirtieth of May, and then it was delivered about nine thirty-nine a.m. at the front desk, and the one who received it at the front desk is a person named Mary. Okay. So on this, as you said, you tried to check it with the school as well in the front desk, and nothing, or no one in there was named Marian. This okay. So let me check. So with this, we could offer you a redelivery, and wanted to verify the address one more time. It's EP Rock, three four zero, Thirteenth Street South, Hudson, WI five four zero one six. So this is the correct address, okay. So let me check further. Okay. For this, the flowers came from a local vendor as well, but it came with UPS or FedEx. Okay. Yes, I'm on this. Let me check. Okay, so for this, as I can process a delivery on this, I could have it sent by a local florist, and let me check on the time. Okay. Yes, we could have it sent by a local florist, and on this, we could send a florist-designed arrangement equal to the value that you have in here. Instead, so we could do that today, and if it's possible, we could deliver it by twelve p.m. as well. Okay. Yes, we will try to have it sent for today, and we'll try to have it sent as well by 12 p.m. on this. No reason to offend the florist design arrangement for this for today, equal to value and the amount that you have in this. So for this, same as the address, it's the EP Rock 340 13th Street South Hudson. Five four zero one six. Okay. Yes. For this, I'll have it reprocessed. For today, we are really sorry again for the inconvenience. And with that, this is now all set. Is there anything else I can assist you further? Really appreciate your patience on this. Thank you so much, and you have a great day. Thank you. Bye bye.
