The top. Do you see where it says portfolio with the down arrow? Yeah. Yep. And then documents. There you go. So that's all she's looking for. Mm-hmm. If they're looking for one more recent, let me just check that other profile real quick. Um, it doesn't look like they've used Carda to send them out since 2021. So, if they're looking for anything more recent, they would have to contact the company directly because they weren't sent via CARTA. Okay. So, on this one, though, I just want to confirm something. So, it's a user. It's the same account with two profiles. So, technically, if she signed in, I just want to see something. So here's where she would have to first switch over to the first. Gotcha. Hello, Sarah. Hi there. Hi. Thank you so much for patiently waiting. So I can confirm with you that. That we have the form 3921 uploaded, and I will show you which ones are the ones that are uploaded. But if you don't mind doing me a favor, you're currently on carta.com within your profile, right? Yeah, that's right. Okay, in the upper left-hand corner, right next to carta, should be your name. If you click on that, are you on the one that says Sarah Fleming or Sarah Fleming Diaz? Currently, on Sarah Fleming Diaz. Okay, excellent. Yeah. On that one, right in the middle, there's a portfolio tab that has a arrow pointing down. And then, if you select documents, that will show you the 3921 form. However, the company that was the last time they uploaded it. So, if you're looking for a 3921 after that, the company has not provided it yet. So, you would have to reach out to the company. Oh, that's kind of a funny thing. I'm not sure if this is the document or not. I'm thinking it probably is because just like two numbers are flipped. Right. But the thing is, is like I work at the company, and so I've been asking around, and we've had so much change in leadership that I'm not really sure how to get that. Do you happen to have a name as far as like who would be responsible for it or who was submitting it last? Uh, good question. So as far as a specific name, I wouldn't be able to provide that. But I do have potentially another option for you. Let me see something here. If you go back in the middle to your portfolio and then select portfolio again, and then do you see how you have, like for example, the ES7, 5,000 options, they say vested. No, but I have seen that before, but. Okay. Well, if you select inside Miyoko's, and then you go to Holdings, you go there. Taking a little bit to load, but I think I've got it. Yeah, and then there's like the E, ES seven, and all those sorts. Yeah. If you don't mind clicking, selecting the ES dash seven, they should be in blue. Uh huh. So in this one, we understand that it may not necessarily be for this one. However, you have the option that on the left hand side there's a report issue tab. If you select that and you fill it out, it will go to the individual that's that will assist you with your inquiry, no matter what it is. And the reason you can even select other, and then specifically type in what you need. Okay, and this will go to whoever at the company. Has access to it. That's correct. Most likely the the stakeholder or the the admin. Interesting. It's not loading for some reason. It's a blank screen. Let me stop.
