And thanks for calling via CareFirst Blue Cross Blue Shield Wellness Program. My name is Angela, Member Service Representative. How may I help you? All right. Well, sure, I might be too. So, do we actually confirm your full name, date of birth? That email address for me, please. Uh huh. Thank you. And number I have two four zero five nine four one two nine seven. And email I have h seven three nine eight two six at gmail dot com. Is that correct? Uh huh. Thank you. How would you like me to address you on the call? And what name would you like me to call you, please? Thank you, Harry. Just give me a moment to log into your account. Okay, so the real agent. So for the activity, yes, it's fifty dollars. That's what you earn for completing the activity. Flating the real age and econs, and it's fifty dollars. That's the that's okay. Yeah, because that's the. I'm not sure what the you know. Did she do just the real age and econs, and it might be other things? Because for this part. Particular activity in your own account, it's fifty dollars. That's the reward for the activity. No, a hundred. Right, yeah, I do understand. But for this, like, I'm in your account right now, and for that particular activity, you know, before it says fifty dollars for completing those, so the reward is fifty dollars. That's that's what the reward is. Let me see the past programs. Give me a moment. Let me go to twenty twenty. Four to see what that was like. So even if, if no, if you go back, go back to your account, go to 2024. You're gonna see you earned fifty dollars for the real agent e consent. You earned other things from the PCP selection and health screening. That's hundred dollars, okay? And when you retake your real age, you get fifty dollars, and the health coaching call is two hundred dollars. So you earn. You know the maximum amount, which is three seventy five. So, if you go to the previous year, you would see that that's you know the activities, that's what you earn for the real agent e consent. So, for you to earn more, just go ahead to like like you did for the previous year, go ahead and complete you know the PSP selection and health screening. You're gonna get a hundred dollars from that, and also complete the health coaching calls. Yes, that's it. Yes, that's correct. So, it's now you can appeal because that's what you get for the activities. Like I said, go to the previous year, go to twenty twenty four. Okay, you're gonna see that was the same amount for that. Particular activity. If you log into your account, go to ended, go to twenty twenty four. You're going to see that you earned fifty dollars for the real agent e consent. That's how it's always been. So that's it. You can appeal that. So I'm I'm sure it's some other activity. Go ahead and check her account to see what activities she completed. It's probably not just the real agent e content. There are other activities she could have done to earn a hundred, but that's the activity for you to earn the for the activity. That's what we have here. It's fifty dollars, and it it has been so even in previous years. Even I just checked your twenty twenty four activities is the same. That's what you earned for completing the real age, and e content. So yeah, you good? But back to your twenty twenty four. So you got more than fifty dollars. That's what I'm trying to explain. You got other, you know, you did other activities like the health screening and PCP selection. You got a hundred dollars from that. So it's fifty dollars. That's what you get for the real agent account. And go ahead to complete other activities because the maximum point you can get for this year is let me check that. That would be four hundred. So go ahead to just do other. Activities to earn your maximum points. Okay, but it's fifty dollars for that particular activity. You can't, you know, appeal that. Correct. Uh huh. Like, like I said, no, there's no way. Go ahead to log into your wife's account and see what she completed. She did not get the hundred dollars from just completing the real agent e-consent. There are probably other activities. That's what I'm trying to explain. Log into your account. Go to 2024. You would say it's the same thing you earned. So maybe she did other activities, okay? But go ahead to just be sure what she earned the hundred dollars for.
