Hi, Matthew to Joshua Harding. This is Lori with Sharecare, and we're calling on behalf of the Partners for Health Wellness Program through the State of Tennessee benefits. So, is that under your? Are you the primary? Okay, gotcha. So, a couple of things. If are you taking part in the Partners for Health? It's a wellness. Okay, okay. So you're going to probably be getting phone calls from us as well. So I would save our phone number as Sharecare, and then that way, if we call back, you know it's on you. And then if you could ask him to give us a call, or I can change his number on here. If that's up to you. And then I'll put his calls on hold. For a couple weeks until he has an opportunity to give us a call back. Well, the partners? No, the partners for health wellness. It's something that you have through the state of Tennessee benefits. So we're partners with your insurance company, and you both get to participate in the wellness program. And I can give you the website so you can go and check it out. Put in your plan ID number and everything, and kind of get ahead of the. Again, it's super easy. It's just stateoftn.dot.sharecare.dot.com, and then you're going to just put in your plan ID. You're going to put in all your credentials. It'll pull you up, and then it'll probably show him on yours, and then you can see how your program is structured. Because what you'll do is you're going to download that app, and then you're. You're going to go in and do your communication, your HIPAA, and your messaging preferences, and then it's going to ask you to do your real age test. And then once you do that real age test, that kind of opens up your program to kind of see what all you get to participate in. So you're going to have access to the platform, to the app, and then the app is phenomenal. You'll love it. And then you probably will both have lifestyle management coaching calls available. You. You could have clinical management calls if any of you, if either of you, have been diagnosed with a clinical need. You do challenges, you do incentives, you do roll age tests. It's a really cool program to take part in, and you more than likely earn points. Uh, that I can't tell you. Now they could either. You'll be able to see once you put in your plan number, it'll show you like if you get to if that point. Turn into cash or what they do, because like a lot of them, it's either you get gift cards. Like with us, we get like travel bonus points, and so it just, yeah. I don't think y'all do that. Now I think that's all we get, though. We don't, we don't get any of the good stuff. Like y'all get all the good stuff. We don't, we don't get anything but the travel points, and I don't go anywhere, so that doesn't help me. But you get like just different. Things you'll just have to look in there and see, but it'll tell you all once you go in and sign in. No, it's totally, yeah, yeah. It's just a total optional program that they pay you to take care of yourself. They just give you incentives to, you know, be active and and get on a on a nutrition plan or a diet plan or whatever you want to take part in on the on the health and wellness. But it's a good program. But what do you? Okay. Well, yours yours are not like a gym membership or Weight Watchers or anything. We have our own lifestyle coaches. So if you stay within the lifestyle coaches, there they all have. Their masters and bachelors, like in the different disciplines, and then the online things. Like I do my stress management online, so that that's like it's it's just different platforms that you can use. And I know I went in there the other day and looked up sleep apnea, and I just really trust our website because it has a lot of good information on there that you can trust because we're a huge medical company, well, medical records and you know wellness. Programs and all. So, do you want to change his number? So, I'm going to deactivate your number. Okay. Okay. Well, just let him know that we're doing that, so he'll know. Okay. And what's his number? Okay. Okay, y'all must be at a kids' soccer game or something. Oh, how fun! Oh, how fun! Right, we don't either. Well, good for you. That sounds fun. Well, you guys have a good family day, and then to save our number, you'll know the next time if we call it's for you. And then tell him to be expecting our call. And you guys go and look at the app and check it out, and give us a call. Okay, y'all stay safe. Thank you. 嗯，拜拜。
