Nope. I can't really understand you. Hi, I have a easy dispatch driver that's about 20 minutes late. I was hoping you could check on an ETA for me. Design zero PG dash ZMF. That's correct. Correct. Hey, if you can, sure. Go ahead. If you can just call me back when you have a time frame, I would appreciate it. I'm the only one in the restaurant right now, so I've got to run and take a table. Thanks so much. Bye bye. Hello. Hello, Spanish. Yes. No lo entiendo. Sí voy por una orden, pero uy, no, eso hay mucho tráfico para venir a recoger. Yo casi una hora dándole y es mucho tráfico. Estoy a estoy a siete minutos de llegar al sitio de la recogida, porque esta día muchísimo tráfico, sí. Sí, qué pena, pero la verdad llevo harto manejando, pero ese hay mucho tráfico por ahí por esa vía. Yo le iba a preguntar, porque pues sí, yo tomé la orden. pero es que esa orden que han, o sea, la orden que me están mandando, huevadas, son a 20, 25 millas de donde yo vivo, y como yo pues todavía no conozco bien por acá, pues esa la tomé yo. Uy, no, era a 33 millas, 58 minutos para llegar a recogerla. Pues ya la, pues ya la estoy haciendo por lo que pues ya la recibí, pero uy no, o sea, está gastando uno muchísimo tiempo, muchísimo combustible paraíta tener que ir de hoy tardísimo y y ir a entregar a diez millas más lejos para devolvérmelo pa chiste donde yo vivo. Ok. Ok. Bem, já já vai para já são cinco minutos. Sí, señora. Igual. Gracias. Hello, this is Brian. Sounds good. Yep. Okay. Do you mind just reaching out to the customer and letting them know that the driver is delayed? Sure, and if you could just make sure they know it's an easy dispatch driver, not an employee of my restaurant. Thank you very much for your time. That is all. Thank you. Thank you. Take care. Hello. This is Kristy. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Well, our event starts in 20 minutes. Do you know what time they're going to be here? Okay. Um, I'll get an update once he picks up the food, and then I can follow up. I guess, depending on how late he is, whether I'm willing to pay for the order. Okay. Okay. Well, am I going to get an update on the location once he picks up the order? Right, because even if he left that location right now, it's going to be over 20 minutes to when he gets here. So if he hasn't even picked up the order yet, and I guess my concern is that the order is supposed to be delivered in like three minutes. So how long has it already been done, just sitting at the restaurant? Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. Nope, that's it. Thank you. You too. Bye bye.
