Hi, Nancy and Miguel Rivera. Hi, Miguel. My name is Laurie, and I'm with ShareCare, and I'm calling on behalf of the HealthNet Wellness Program. So, your HealthNet benefits. How are you doing today? Well, I'm giving you a call to just kind of go over your program with you. This is something. That's already included in your benefits, so there's no out-of-pocket cost. And the program does offer access to an online experience with a group of our health coaches. And areas that the coaches can help you with and focus on are things like stress management. They can help you with like nutrition and exercise ideas. They can also help you with weight management and tobacco cessation. And I'd like to go ahead and set you up on your program. I do need to verify. By a little bit of information, real quick first, and then also please be advised that this call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Have you ever taken part in any of the wellness programs? Are you familiar with them at all? Okay, so at the end of our call today, I'll be able to send you over a link. That link will be able to go, and you'll set up the profile on the app. You'll be able to do your communication, your HIPAA, and your messaging preferences. Then it'll also kind of prompt you into doing your real age test. Once you do that real age test, that's your gating event for the program. So then it'll open up like all your different icons and everything there under the achievement icon. You'll be able to see everything that you get to participate in, and then under the rewards icon, it'll show you how the account or how the program is structured for you. So I just need to get a little bit of verification. And then we can get started. If you would please verify your first and last name, your mailing address, and your birthdate for me. Okay. Okay, gotcha. Your birthday is two days after mine. But a lot younger. You're a lot younger, but that's okay. Okay, let's get in here and see. So, yeah, December birthdays. Alrighty. Have y'all had a lot of snow? Oh no, what? No, it didn't. No, you're in California, duh. Looking at that now. Okay, so you're on Pacific time. Are you close to the fires? I hope not. Oh goodness, that has been devastating. Mm-hmm. Okay, then let's see. So let's get you centered in. Would you like to add your email to the program? Okay, I'm ready. Okay. And just remember to, when you open your account in the profile, that you're going to want to use that same email. And then I have 6613437315 as your primary phone. Is that actually your personal cell? Okay. And then, would you like to opt in to email and text reminders? And you can opt out of those at any time. Okay, and then also, is it okay that we leave a private healthcare-related message at that number as well? Okay, and then also, now your program is going to be available to you from 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Friday, Saturday from 8 to 4:30 p.m. And now these are Central Time hours, but I'm going to make your appointment and everything on the Pacific hours. And then you do have chat and digital available to you as well. And then, like I said, your member care is open all the time, actually, for your guyses. So that's good. And then also, let's see. So I do want you to save the number that I'm calling from. That way, you'll have it in your phone. If you miss a call, just hit redial, come back into us. And then, if you have any questions about the program or the website, I want you to always feel free to give us a call. And then, in those hours, is there going to be a better time for you to do your phone calls? Okay, so like five to six, we can do that. Okay. And then, are there any days of the week that you do not want us to call you on? Okay, okay, gotcha. And then, would you like to add your primary care provider to the program? I can search for them by their first and last name, and then you can add them later too. Okay, that's okay. And then, just a couple more quick questions left. Have You had your flu shot in the past 12 months. Okay, and then have you ever used any type of tobacco product? Okay. Okay, so I'm going to be texting you that link in just a moment. Let's get your appointment made, because it's going to show me that you're not registered. On the website, which that we knew, so that what I'm going to be sending you is what is the registration link, and you're on Pacific Time, and we need to go between. Ah, yeah, and it's already included in your benefits, so there's no out-of-pocket cost to you. And so once you get in and download the app and everything, you'll. See how it all works. Super easy to participate in. And then once you do that, achievement or the real age test, you'll go to the achievement icon, and you'll see everything that how everything is structured. So I have got Tuesday, January the 28th at 6 p.m. available. If that'll work. Okay. And then you can reschedule that on the website as well if you need to. Now you can opt out of those email and text reminders anytime. Time as well by hitting the unsubscribe. You can reschedule as well. You'll receive a three-day reminder of your appointment, and then we do ask that you give the coaches an extra hour window just in the event that they're running late the day of the appointment. And if you do not have any other questions for me, we're all good to go. And I want to thank you for being patient with me and signing up for the Health Net Wellness Program. I hope you enjoy the program, and you stay safe and have a great rest of your day. Uh huh. Thank you, Miguel. Bye bye.
