I didn't realize when they came in here that that was just going to be Holly, who does an empty dish, who doesn't keep up with. Hey, how's it going, man? This is Brian calling again from PF Chang's. How are you? Good, man. Good. I'm calling in reference to order ending in eight G six. I placed several phone calls and several emails. Nobody has called me back. It's a brand new month, and I do not want to lose our rating. It says that we're at 98%. We're supposed to be at 98.5%, and by my math, we are under the 98.5% because of this order from Friday the 28th, where the driver reported the food was not ready when they arrived, which is false. And then we also got dinged for the order arriving 15 minutes after the requested time, which is not our problem because, again. It's a third-party service that delivers. I loaded the order up in the car myself. This particular driver had about a dozen Amazon packages in the car with the food, so if if they stopped to make some Amazon deliveries on the way to the food, not my problem. And if they picked it up at 10:48 a.m., which I remember them being on time, Jenkintown, Philadelphia, it's very hard to get there in under 45 minutes. So again, I don't know what the customers. Interpretation of this 15 minutes after the requested time. For all I know, it was a 11:15 to 11:30 window, not 11:30 to 11:45. And many times the guests are unaware that there's a 15 minute window. They think it's just an exact time. So either way, I don't understand why we're being dinged here, and we stand to lose a lot of money if we lose our reliability rockstar rating for the month of April. So I need someone to answer me. Last time this happened, we lost our rating. For the month, and it hurt our business severely because nobody could respond. And then, by the time I got a response out of somebody, five weeks later, they said, "Oh, don't worry, you'll be back to reliability rock star when the new month begins," and that's all good. But again, we're missing it by half a point, and this one order has two different issues, which lowers our rating. So, I just don't understand. Yeah, the order number for this one is going to be JEV8G6. I already filled out the form to have them look at it, but my problem here is that the new month and the new Reliability Rockstar is going to be published before they even get a chance to look at this, and I can't have our business rating lowered or decreased because EasyCater is so big and busy that they can't review this. I don't understand why they don't leave our rating the same and then go ahead and make their decision based on that. Like I know the algorithms, I understand the way the computers work. But I think this is pretty unfair because we did not have the food ready late for the driver, and if the driver was late for the delivery, again, that should not affect our score. So I got to get somebody on the phone today because it's April 1st, the new month is going to start, and if I come in here and we're not a reliability rock star candidate for the new month, that's just not fair to our business. Yep. Right, that's why I want. I got. I got. I need you to. I called earlier, and I understand that you guys can't. I just need to be transferred to that department because I sent them an email, and I'm not going to wait three or four business days for them to review it because we're going to start the new month. Without the rating, every day when we don't have this rating, it hurts our business. So I just I don't understand. Educator has no problem taking thirty, fifty dollars every time we produce an order, but when I need help from them, it's nobody. Nobody can ever help me. You know, I got to wait four or five days. I got to send an email. I got to wait a week. That my rating would decrease immediately. So if the rating can decrease immediately, then I need to speak to somebody immediately. Okay, then. All right, some sort of supervisor, then. All right. Yep. Yeah, it's PlymouthMeeting.9839 at pfchangs.com. Yes. Okay. Now that's everything. Thank you too. See ya.
