Yes, hi there. I'm calling from Jacksonville, Florida, and I've placed an order for Carabas online. And there are a couple adjustments that I need help making. It's Carney. It's yeah. Last name is Hinson. H-I-N-S-O-N. Oh no, it's it's fine, it's fine, it's fine. Okay, couple things. Co, your website was not giving me an option at all to go to Carabas and pick it up myself. I'm I was trying to give get the bundle, the bundle of orders so I can feed six people, and. It wasn't giving me the option. I want to go to the restaurant to pick it up. It's the first and foremost. I don't need it delivered to my house. But before you change it, I needed to tell you what I what I'm trying to do is. I want the the date and the time should be 11:45. I need it travel ready. I don't. I mean, I'm taking it and driving it two hours to Savannah, Georgia, to then set up myself. So it needs to be. Travel ready, and I don't know. I don't want to mess this up, but I mean, I was trying to do it where I just go to the restaurant, pick it up, travel ready, and then hit the road to Georgia, Savannah, Georgia, from Jacksonville. But it wasn't giving me an option to do any of that online. So, what can you do to help me?  Oh my gosh! Because it took me all through this whole thing about delivery, and and then, yeah. And I don't need plasticware. I don't need that. I don't need any of that stuff. And I couldn't take that off. I don't need any of it because I'm traveling with it. And where we're going, we're gonna have hard plates and silverware. So, I. Okay. Okay. So, can you put travel ready? Not okay. Okay. So, this is my next question. So, having heard it's travel ready. Now, granted, I know where I'm going. I'm gonna have to reheat stuff. It was asking me earlier on the web. Site about. Make sure you include chafing dishes, the disposable chafing dishes, if you need. And I, and once, and it said you'll get that at checkout, but then I never saw it again. So I would. Do I pay extra for? I just need like two warming chafing dishes for where I'm setting up. So you can put that in there. Yeah, that's that's fun. Okay, because I already pay for a part of it. So at pickup, then I will. Is it for twenty bucks? I get two camping dishes or one for twenty dollars. And so I actually get money back. Because I think I paid a thirty dollar. Thirty dollars. I don't know. Maybe I'm confused. I thought it was a thirty dollars delivery fee, or something. That's what I thought. Yeah, so I'll get a refund at some point of ten dollars to my credit card. Ah. Oh, that's wonderful. That's wonderful. Okay, and then the next question is: Can you verify the location of the Caraba that you have on file for pickup? I'm ready. Yep, that's it. Jacks Beach, Florida, perfect. Okay, and then you have it down as Thursday, April the third, at eleven forty-five a.m. pickup. Okay, because I couldn't remember when they opened, but that should still be okay for them to do all that. All righty, because I also did the I did a bundle that was for five people. Then I had to do a separate thing for like a one-person order. And you you see that as well? Okay, all right. That was what package? Where did you start? Couldn't hear you. That was what? Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah. Whatever y'all do is fine. That's all good. That's good. Okay. Well, listen. Thank you. Thank you for helping me do that because I was fretting, fretting that I, yeah, didn't need, I didn't need it delivered and set up at my house and all that stuff. So, anyways, that's all good, and I appreciate you working it out. And then I will definitely be there on Thursday to the restaurant to pick it up at 11:45. And then, what is your name? Because I will tell whoever that you made my problem. Go away. What is your first name, Charles? Got it, Charles. You are just a lifesaver. I appreciate you jumping in to do that for me, and I hope you have a good rest of your day. Thank you, bye bye.
