Hi, this is regarding the. I'm calling from Seven Street Pizza. Do you need the confirmation number? Okay, hashtag C7P-Z6Q. This is Russia. Yes. Okay. Regarding the chicken wings, what we have options for the flavor. Hello. I can hear you. Can you hear me? Regarding the 24-piece wings, it doesn't say what flavor they want. Yes. That that doesn't tell me anything. It doesn't tell me anything. I need to know: is it going to be buffalo? Is it barbecue? Is it mango habanero? Are they plain? What would they like? Okay, we'll do half barbecue, half buffalo, I guess. We don't, we don't. I don't want that option. This is a confusing option for the people making the order. There's no such thing as most popular. You know, there are they're all popular. It all depends what the customer likes. This is. I don't have that on my menu, and I don't want that as an option to be just. Leave it up to us because they may not like it. Like I'm taking a risk right now, making it the way you know. I have two that are popular, equally popular. You know, I don't know. Because it's a party, I guess it's okay. But please don't give them an option to do most popular. Just choose a flavor or plain or. Sauce on the side. They can choose the sauce on the side. But, anyways, the other thing is, you guys need to update my menu from my website. Your menu was old, and I called quite a few times about that. So, if you can check sevenstreetpizza.com or the toast menu, and please make sure all the prices are accurate and all the menu items are accurate. Menu, you guys. Have for me is really outdated, and I have no option to change it. I've added items, I've deleted items, so this is really convenient. Once when a customer happens to be ordering something that has been removed, then I have to call you. I have to bug the customer about it. You understand? So you need to have someone check the online menu and update your Easy Cater menu to match what I have on there. So you want me to go item by item and compare what you have to what I have? This is this is ridiculous. This is you guys' job, not mine. I shouldn't have to do your job. I shouldn't have to do what you guys are supposed to do. This is this is. I I don't have an option. I don't have an option to open both menus in front of me and compare on two screens to find out where what I'm missing. You can either give me the control so I can change it, or give them the control so they can change it. So if they have the control, they need to change it. I can't keep emailing back and forth about oh where it needs to be changed because simply if you just go online, you'll see the difference. Okay.
