Yes, I called to complain about a flower that was delivered to my mother for Mother's Day, and the customer service person just hung up on me. Order number is. Hold on a minute. Four, three, two, three, eight, five, zero, one, zero. Namul Kim, that's my mother. It was for Mother's Day. Hey, one Kim. I want a refund because what was sent to my mother was. Atrocious. I mean, it was just in a black plastic flower container, and the flowers there was the flowers were non-existent, and it had just like these two vine, two like two stems sticking out of the dirt, and it was completely wilted. My mother didn't. Tell me what was delivered because she was so embarrassed and felt bad for me. But I went to go visit her this past weekend, and she, you know, I saw it. It was sitting there. She, she couldn't bring herself to throw it away, so she had it on the windowsill. And I was like, "Mom, what is this?" And she's like, "That's what you sent." And I was, I was shocked. I was shocked that. Anyone would, in there, with any good conscience, send send that. No, I think twenty percent is. I want a full one hundred percent refund because that it. I mean, twenty percent. Of what I paid doesn't even begin to address the fact that these flowers were delivered to my mother on Mother's Day. No, no, I'm asking for one hundred percent. I'm demanding one hundred percent. If you ever want me to use your service again, you, I, I, I, you need to refund. Refund one hundred percent. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Can you tell me what amount? Can you tell me what amount will be credited? Okay, and then, will you be sending me an email confirming the refund amount? You're going to send it to me now. The email. We sent it already. Refund confirmation. All right. Yes, I see it. All right. So I'll be looking. Yeah, I'll be looking for it in my in my on my bank account, credit card account. No, and I wish. I hope that you. I mean, this kind of occurrence doesn't happen again to other. People, because it just—I mean, so I mean, yes, please do. Okay.
