Is eight five zero nine two six. Okay. Wonderful. Am I speaking to Adam? Yes. Hi, Adam. Let me get Nobel Foods pulled up here. It'll just be one moment. Okay. And while I'm doing so, I do want to ask you, how's your Friday been so far? Been okay. Great to hear that. And what questions can I help you with today? I have a question. We so we just purchased the financial reporting tool, and we're we started to dig into it. And it's, you know, you kind of have to know what you're doing to to complete it. So we're gonna we'd like to set up a call with our auditor, who who knows probably a lot about this, and then someone from the carta team. Like a support member, and maybe the three of us can complete that setup component of it, just to get it up and running. Would that be possible? Like, I could schedule a call for next week or something. That may be possible. I do want to get you over to our financial reporting team, who would be able to. We do have a dedicated team for that piece of our platform. They'll be able to explain on how the report can be. Set up, and they also will be able to see if it is possible, Adam, to coordinate that call between yourself and the auditor. But they're wonderful to work with, so I'd like to give you their number and then introduce you to the team, if that sounds sure. I'm ready when you are. Yep. So their number is eight zero one nine three five eight five two one. Okay, and they are the financial reporting team. Team. Correct. Okay. And then I have one other unrelated question. Yeah. It's regarding the four hundred four hundred nine A. Mhm. Um, it's expired in July, so it's been over a year for us. Um, I think the thinking is we are waiting on doing a bridge financing, and then we can we'll get a per share price, but that's taking a bit of. Time to complete. So, is it best practice to like hold off and and not do the 409A if we're kind of in the middle of a fundraiser, or is it best practice to just do the 409A and then do it again after the fundraiser? That's a great question. So, you can do either approach; can be valid. Things to keep in mind, though. Is when there's not a current 409A on file, that would prevent you from issuing new equity awards, and this can also impact if you have any NSO option grants. They would not be able to exercise until a valid 409A valuation is on file. Does that mean so? Like, and did you just mean that? So there are no option exercises until. There's the four hundred nine A that's on file. That's a current one. ISO holders that have ISO option grants, which is a majority of your holders. Actually, I'm just scanning through your list now, and majority are ISO or incentive based stock. They can complete and submit an exercise request into CARTA. They just wouldn't be able to.
