Thank you for calling from Eflowers. My name is Vinith. How can I help you today? Hello. I'm so sorry for the bad service, Miss. Okay, give me your order number, and I will check from my side. Okay. Okay, I need your first and last name, please. Okay, can you please tell me the customer's name? Customer name, the person you sending the flowers. Thank you so much. Excuse me, a moment. I'm checking your details. Just a minute. Okay, you send flowers for the birthday, right? Sure, sure. You send the flowers for the birthday. The flowers for the birthday, right? You send. ok dê-me o movimento mas estou checkando o status está bem comigo hold the line mas por favor hold the line Okay, I'm checking. Just be with me, okay? I'm with my supervisor. Just be with me and hold the line. Okay, and I will help you for that. Be with me. Okay, sir. Let's check from my side. Okay, the address you've given us to the Encycola, Florida, three two five two six. Okay, the florist tell me it's unable to deliver. Okay, the shop within five point nine miles away. Okay. The zip is unable to place the order. Okay, they said it's a non-delivery area. They cannot reach this area, so that's why they reject your order. But as I check from my side right now, I check the update. They will deliver your flowers on second of June, Miss. Okay. Ah yes, Miss. Because we are checking the many florists. Okay, that we got one florist. That they give we assurance that they give us assurance that they will deliver on second of June early morning because many florists rejected your order. They are not accepting your orders. They said that it's a non delivery area. We cannot serve this area. Okay, so they cannot reach the area. But one florist tell us that they will deliver on second of June. Okay, we are still working on your order and. Hundred, one hundred. That's really bad. That's really bad for you, Miss. Okay, I totally agree with you. I totally understand. Okay, Miss. Give me one chance. We will deliver as for the second of June, okay? And it will be a fresh flowers, an apology note from our side, okay? And sorry for the bad service, and it will be a perfect card message. There's a two dollars charges for the delivery, miss. Okay, but one thing I will do from my side. Yeah, I will give you a twenty percent partial refund from my side for the late delivery. Okay, a twenty a twenty percent partial refund from my side to you. Two zero twenty percent partial refund. Okay. No, miss. I'm so sorry for that, but we will deliver on second of June. Okay, don't worry, be rest assured, and you will get the update on your delivery. Okay. Okay, give me the moment about the twenty percent from my side. I'm giving to you. Okay, just to be with me. Hold the line. The twenty percent I'm giving you a twelve dollars ninety nine cents refund for the late delivery, okay? A twenty percent from my side to you. The money will be credited in your credit card. Twelve dollars ninety nine cents for the late delivery, okay? Twelve dollars ninety nine cents, miss. A twenty percent from my side for the late delivery. Twelve dollars ninety nine cents, okay, for the twenty percent late delivery, okay? And the money will be reflected in your credit card two or three business working days. Okay. Okay. I'm so sorry for that, Miss. Okay, I totally agree with you, but yeah, but we will send a second of June early morning first delivery with the fresh flowers, okay? And I will give the perfect card message and apology note from my side to you, okay? And I'm so sorry for that, okay? So I will give you the twenty percent partial refund in your credit card, okay? And the money will be reflected in two or three business working days, okay? And you will receive the confirmation about twenty percent partial refund from our side on your email, okay? I'm so sorry for that, Miss. Okay, but next time it will not happen, okay? So you will receive the confirmation about your delivery on your email, okay? Okay, thank you so much. Have a great day, Miss. Is anything else apart I can assist you? Okay, thank you so much, Miss. Have a great day. Be happy.
