Thank you for calling Winstarville School District Benefit Service Center. This is Ferris speaking. Who am I speaking to today? All right, I'm going to look you up here. How do you spell your last name? And to fully verify. What's your date of birth? What's the last four digits of your Social Security number? And what's the address on file? Thank you for that. How may I help today? Yes, let me take a look here. He did he lose coverage for December thirty first? Okay. I do see a submitted event. Just one moment. I'm going to see if it was done. All the way through. Uh huh. Yep, I do see that event was done correctly. He's added with that event to your medical, dental, and vision, and this event does require verification. And I do see that you've uploaded documents. It does take us. Standard seven to ten business days for us to process those documents with the with the system. So, yeah, you pretty much did everything you needed to do. That can. That can typically take, so it's still being worked on. So, once that's processed, which can take early next week, once that's done, the insurance carrier will send out the cards, and that can take a standard two weeks to receive in the mail. Exactly. Yeah, I see you've uploaded the docs. Document to prove that he has the the cobra form. So yeah, you've that is an acceptable documentation to have this event approved. Ferris with that F like Frank. Ah yes, yes. No worries. I would say be on the lookout for an email. If you don't get one, our website will be another way to know that this was completed. The the banner will disappear. That will show. That will mean that the event was verified. Um. It's like it's kind of like towards the the middle of the page. It says you have an event requiring document submission for approval. Ah, yes, and I'll get those removed. Those are duplicate events. Okay. Exactly. Yeah. All right. Was there anything else I can assist you with today? Yes, that's correct. Uh huh. Uh huh. And thank you for calling the Winsfield School District Benefit Service Center. Have a good rest of your day. ไม่เป็นไร
