Hi, I'm speaking to Tammy Maddox. Hi, Tammy. My name is Lori, and I'm with ShareCare, and I'm calling on behalf of the Partners for Health Wellness Program through your State of Tennessee benefits. How are you doing today? Well, I'm giving you a call to just kind of. Go over your program with you. This is something that's already included in your benefits, so there's no out-of-pocket cost to you at all. And the program does offer access to an online experience with a group of our health coaches, and areas that the coaches can help you with and focus on, or things like stress management, weight management. They can help you with the exercise and nutrition program. They can even help you with tobacco cessation. And I'm calling to get you set up on the. Program, I'd like to just go ahead and do that real quick. I do need to verify a little bit of information real quick, and then also please be advised that this call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Can you verify, can you verify your first and last name, your mailing address, and your birthdate for me, real quick? Okay, gotcha. And your zip code in Cookeville. Okay, gotcha. And have you ever taken part in any of the wellness programs? Are you familiar with how they work?  And is it? Was it through? No, I'm with Share. No, I'm with Sharecare. So what Sharecare is, and we're the wellness program. Now, the wellness program. Once I get in here and look. Look at everything. Let me see because let me see if you're. Hold on. Let me pull you up on that side. So our okay. So our coaches, they are, they all have their bachelor and bachelor bachelor and master's degree in the different disciplines. So they, but now they're not, you know, trained counselor counselors. They have stress management, which stress management, of course. You know your different categories there fall under helping you with you know managing the stress in your life. So they can definitely help, and that's one area that you can approach the program with, and tell them that that's what you want to concentrate on at first. And after I get everything done today, we can get you on over there to one of the coaches, and you can go ahead and start today. That's not a problem. And then. Uh huh. Right. Uh huh. Well, and and well, I mean, ideally, yeah, you would think. So, but I mean, I'm I'm right at your same age, and so a lot of things that are just going on in the world in general have us have us kind of like, wow, you know, how did we ever think that we would get here? And then all of a sudden, we find ourselves in the in our sixties, and like, okay, well, yeah, I can't do the same things that I used to could do, you know. So. Right. Yeah, and you have to slow down, and that's one thing that. Well, now once I get you registered and everything, that's going to take about ten minutes. Then you can do the call today with the coach. It takes about fifteen minutes. I cannot call you back, but you. Please give us a callback because I don't have an outbound call system. Yes, just hit redial and come back into us. Okay. Okay. We'll just get yes. Just hit that number and come back into us and get signed up, and then we'll get you on over to a coach today if you have time. Okay, you be careful out there. Thank you, Tammy. Uh huh. Bye bye.
