Thanks for calling Crash Champions Benefits Center. This is Cindy, and Hamus speaking with. Thank you, Mr. Hammond. How may I help you today? Okay, this is just for the medical. That one hundred and forty, said one hundred twenty-eight dollars. Sure, I understand. Okay, just a moment, please. While I get into your benefits, this at one hundred and forty was. Second, um, okay, we're showing you're on the fifteen hundred dollar Blue Cross Blue Shield deductible plan as of January first, seventy four dollars and seven cents. And then you have go ahead. I'm sorry. So we we send the information over. To your payroll, as far as what amount they are to be deducting, but we don't see what's going on behind payroll. Because what we sent over is for your medical plan seventy-four dollars seven cents, critical illness three dollars and forty-six cents, and then dental. Right, and then your dental seven dollars and eighty-one cents. So that's what we sent over to payroll that they're supposed to be deducting. As far as whether they're pro, I'd have to refer you to payroll since we can't see what they're, you know, if they're prorating something or pulling, or you know, whatever period. Because we we can just see what we show you enrolled and what we sent to payroll. Yes, sir. I don't have any numbers. We just handle the benefits for all of the Crash Champion locations, and we don't have contact of HR for any particular location. You may want to reach out to your. Well, let me check and see if we've got any, like a payroll number or something that I can provide. Just a moment, please. Are you welcome? But yes, we just handle the benefits for all locations in. See, there is a yes, sir. So I've got a number here. This is well, this is payroll and address changes. I don't know the A B A D P service center. Sounds like they may be able to help with payroll. I'm not sure, but I can give you their number and get you over to the A D P center to see if they have access to pull your payroll. Okay, so the number I'll be connecting you to for A D P payroll is eight four four two two seven two. Seven four four. And if you're holding me just a moment, I'll get you connected. Did you have anything else that I could assist with, or any other questions? Okay, well, I'll connect you over to ADP Payroll. Hopefully, they're still in the office. But I gave you the number just in case you need to call them back on Tuesday. I think many departments are being closed on Monday because of holiday. So the number for ADP is eight four four two two seven two seven. Four four, and I do appreciate you contacting us at Crash Champions Benefits Center. And please hold for your transfer to payroll. Have a wonderful rest of the weekend. You're welcome. Goodbye.
