All right, and what is that certificate number? Sure, I think it's uh, it is. Sorry about this. It is CF three, three. Okay. For Michael. That's right. Yep. Okay. And and Juan, just to just to fill you in a bit, we I reached out to Carter this morning. I'm on the East Coast. Have reached out to Carter this morning, and spoke with somebody who's very helpful. And they said that in order to unflag this person's shares as being a paper certificate, that you all would need. Like, you know, some sort of affirmative consent for me saying that the paper, saying that the certificate was never issued on paper. Does that sound like the sort of step that you would take to to unflag these shares? That's not really necessary from your end. It's more on their end. So it looks like, with the way that this was set up, if he signs into his carta account and. Signs for that certificate. That would automatically bring up an affidavit that tells him this was not issued as paper, and that will automatically remove the paper flag. So he could he could just log in and accept it on his end, and you'd be all good to go. Or we can do it on our end. We would have some paperwork to do, and that is a different department that I can get your case sent over to. That may take. A few weeks. So, what what do you think would be the better solution here? Yeah, certainly the the shareholders, you know, affirmative steps would would make more sense from a time perspective. Can you tell at all one whether you know correspondence was already sent or some notification was already sent to this shareholder? Like I said, I spoke to somebody at Cardea this morning about sort of the same issue, and I just wasn't. I didn't know whether the process had already started. It sort of seemed like there was something that had to be done on my end. Okay, let me take a look and see the past case here. Okay. Yeah, looks like it's actually currently being worked on by the person that you spoke with earlier. Let me take a look and see where they are in the process. Do you mind if I place one brief hold? Not at all. Thanks very much. All right. Thank you.
