Hi, how are you doing, sir? I'm doing. I hope, um, by the time this conversation is finished, I'll be doing much better. Yeah. Um. Are you supervisor? Okay, I was trying to make an order just now. Swedish can be, and I called in, and you know we've been going around in in circles. But I called in originally, but twenty minutes ago, and it was the second of of June. And when I called in, I told the person I was speaking to that I needed the same day delivery. And so now we are fighting, and I'm not trying to be fighting. We're disputing over same day delivery charge. I know that the time has changed, but when I called in, it was on the second. The time zone. The time. So are you gonna fight me over delivery? I I I order all the time. I I last week I ordered from you all. Up to last week, I ordered. From you all, and you're going to charge me the same delivery fee, right? Over five dollars. No, I. It was. It wasn't, sir. According to what you advertised, it was forty dollars. The delivery fee was nineteen ninety nine. Plus tax, and that would bring it up to six to seven dollars. And but the guy was telling me about seventy something dollars. So you charge me the, you still charge me the delivery fee? Hello. The same day delivery fee. Yeah, but that's that's including the delivery fee, according to what you have. I'm looking. I'm looking at advertisement here. Sir, it says it's forty dollars. I'm not understanding you, sir. It. Can we go? According to what you have written, there is supposed to be forty dollars, right, or fifty-nine ninety-nine with the delivery fee plus tax, right? But I thought you said you were taking off the same-day delivery fee. But that does not come up to that, sir. If you set thirty-eight dollars plus. But you're telling me, look, what are we? What is the? I am so sorry that we're having this dispute, sir. You're telling me that the amount of the book is thirty-eight dollars in some sense, plus the delivery fee. Anything? I'm not asking this. Why cannot be cancelled? Yeah, because we going, we've been going around in circles because I was very specific when I called, and I told the guy that we talked about. But because, because we keep, because we keep talking and talking and talking. Okay, I tell you, we're not gonna. Don't let's do it. Okay, thank you very much.
