Thank you for calling Easy Cater. This is Amelka on the recorder line. How can I help you? Oh, okay. Sorry about it. Sure, happy to help. With this, what would be the order number, Pam? Because I don't see any upcoming orders on the profile I'm looking at. Uh huh. Thank you. Let me look it up real quick. All right, I got access to it, Pam. I'm accessing now. This is with the blue dash, right? Okay, very good. Yeah, I see it, and yeah, you're right. The order has been accepted. I see that you submitted it this afternoon. Let me check real quick. This is for tomorrow at 11:45, right? Okay, so maybe one of the reasons is because. According my system, they close at 2:30. Let's see. I don't think that. Yeah, I'm. I don't think I'll be able to call him right now. But what I can do is I can send him an email right now. Hopefully, someone can see it now or maybe early in the morning. And also, I can I can schedule a phone call so one of my colleagues can call him in the morning. Normally, in situations like this. They normally see the orders in the morning, and then they accept them in the morning. But in case they don't, I will ask someone, one of my colleagues, to call him in the morning. Would that be all right? Yeah, that could be a possibility. I was looking at their past orders right now, cause always that's an indicator of you know how reliable they are. And yeah, their their past orders they look good. They don't have anything that has been rejected or cancelled, and they do have an order for the 19th, and that one has been accepted. So. Yeah, hopefully this is something that somebody just forgot to look at, or maybe they forgot to click on accept. But will I would offer you to call right now. The problem is that it's too late and that they are already closed. But so, go ahead. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, and also, the restaurant opens at eleven thirty. But we do have a contact of. Of someone here, I'm not really sure who the person is. Might be the owner, might be the manager, right? But we do have a phone number of a per of a person here, so we can call that person at eight a.m. No, they're for they're for miles. Or miles away. Uh huh. Yeah, of course. Uh huh. All right. Well, of course, Tom. Yeah, it's a it's a pleasure. Anything else before I let you go? All right. Well, thanks for calling, and I hope you have a good rest of your day. All right. Thanks. Bye bye. Same to you. Bye bye.
