Hi, I'm calling. I had actually just called a little bit earlier. I have an order scheduled for tomorrow, and I need to cancel it. Earlier, I was trying to figure out if they had a cancellation fee, but I just need to go ahead and cancel it. And I can't cancel it on my end, so I was wondering if you could help me with that. It's Sarah S A R A B L A N N, and I also have the ordered number if you need that. Okay, it's six C W G X Y, and it's for Hattie B's. Okay. Is there any way I could go ahead and cancel it? Because I need—no one will be here, so I just need to go ahead and like make sure it doesn't come. And an email will be fine. Yeah, so there was some dietary needs, and Hattie B's just couldn't provide that, so we're having to order something else. Yeah. So you'll go ahead and cancel it, and then will they just charge like a cancellation fee, or if they have one, or do you know what that looks like? Okay, I just I don't want to. No, you're fine. I just I have to order something else, so I like need to go ahead and order that. But I don't want to order it if there's going to be a huge cancellation. With Hattie B's, and so I don't know. I feel like I'm kind of stuck. I don't know because I don't want to order this other food and then have to cancel that if Hattie B's doesn't. Just let us cancel it. Yeah, if you don't mind, that would be great. Okay, thank you. Hold is fine. Yes, thank you. Hello, you've reached Zach. Please leave a message, and I will call you back.  Please leave your message for 4103755092.   Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is not available. At the tone, please record your message. When you have finished recording, you may hang up.  Hello, Jonathan. This is Lisa from Indicator on the recorded line. I'm calling about. No worries. Uh huh. Okay. Um. Okay. Let me. So, if I need to cancel this order, let me do some things really quick. If I need to cancel this order, should I just call Easy Cater back? Because I can't cancel it on my end. Okay, that's fine. I just if if there's a cancellation fee, or if they're going to charge me for that entire order, I don't want that to be canceled. But I need to place another order if that does get canceled. So let me just—I'll call back. Let me go figure out some things, and I'll call back. So, all right. Thank you so much for your help. Yep. Have a good one. Bye. This is Joe. Hi, Lisa. How are you? You there? Hello. Has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is not available. At the tone, please record your message. When you have finished recording, you may hang up.
