I was talking with somebody, but the line was cut. Regarding a situation about dispute orders, try to come to you know escalation team or something because there's something really going on very wrong. Is there is like a higher supervisor? I need the supervisor. The company. I mean, there is some a critical situation, and I'm very frustrated about everything now. I don't think you'll be able to do anything. Somebody tried intentionally to put me down, basically. What happened is, I was basically a Moroccan star for almost a year. For more, and there was a couple of orders really, basically delivered early. One of them is not really early. Early, I give them even a proof, but it looks like the dealer look over the proof. So it's only one order which is is not really early, but you know, customer came at is early. I tried to get too many messages. Nobody come back to me, and then I I found everything going. Like, like going wrong. The more I send messages or ticket, it looks like they get very angry, and they keep lowering. I was a hundred percent delivery. It becomes ninety nine, becomes ninety eight, it becomes ninety seven, becomes ninety six. That's what's happening. So I think there is kind of more aggressive, bullying situation against me, and I need to talk to you know somebody like in higher position because I'm. I'm really best of the whole team now. This I used to trust them. I used to, but I I don't think they really. I don't think they care. And having the fact the the event coming back bowling right like that, that's extremely unacceptable. And especially I've been 11 years Cosmo with you guys, 10 years to 11 years Cosmo. So this is not the first time I do a lot of business with you. That's not the right way to treat customers. I have the legal right to complain, but you are not supposed to get very angry and to keep lowering me intensely down. The problem is somebody keep trying to put me down. The number even going down. Like for example, there is some something going wrong with your company now. There is somebody is blowing like blowing bad numbers against me. Like in the morning, in the morning, today in the morning around twelve o'clock, it was really the delivery. It was. I think is 99 or something. Become 98. Over a sudden, and now the delivery I think is 96, 97 two hours ago, 96 now. There was even one order which we discussed like a month ago. You know, there was car accident, but we did the driver did a good job. Somebody bought it. Anyway, the whole situation is not. Needed to be complicated like that. I already submitted the proof, and the proof should have been that. And it's only one single order, which is the Kosmal claim. It's it's early. I was talking about early, not late. And it's not supposed to really ruin my reputation like that. Okay. So, nobody answering. Nobody schooling. Nothing is being done. And one of the guy would even an. I'm very old order to try to to ruin it, and somebody keep playing with the computer. It looks like somebody's angry and playing something wrong because there is every time I send a message, the rate keep going lower. Delivery was 100 percent. You know, I was 4.9. They made me 4.8, like in one day, and the delivery from 100. Become ninety nine, ninety eight, ninety seven, ninety six in less than forty eight hours. But it doesn't make sense, right? Somebody is angry because I keep submitting tickets. I'm just telling you the truth. Yes, somebody is calling me back. Just a sec.
