Thank you for calling Bright Spring Benefit Support Center. This is Lily speaking. Who am I speaking to today? I'm doing good. How are you doing? Yes, I can hear you fine. Yes. What's going on? Okay, let me take a look at your account. So I do see here where you you sent in a driver's license, which that's not one of the acceptable documents. The only type of required documents that we accept is a government-issued marriage certificate, most recent federal tax return listing the spouse, or proof of joint ownership within the last six months, and. Federal tax return with the with uh within the last two years listing the spouse, so it's either one of those. Now I'm checking your account now. Um, and are you referring to the Anthem Flex Hour Medical Plan? Okay. Yes. Right. Okay. So if you want to add her as a dependent, you have to. Submit one of those documents. Now, let me check if it's not too late, because I was submitted back in November. So, let me take a look. Okay, it looks like it has expired already. So, in in this case, if you did want to go ahead and add her to coverage, then you would have to file an appeal. Hmm. It would be um November uh 2025. But if you have a qualifying life event, like for example, she was to lose coverage uh through outside coverage, then that is considered a qualifying life event. So you can make changes to your benefits during that time. Um, yeah, just for your medical plan, yes, it's $88.80. I do see here that you have voluntary long-term disability. That's an additional $12.82, and you have the supplemental AD&D at $1. And accident insurance. Okay. So, 401k, we don't handle. Yes, go ahead. Just these general benefits that we listed here. But if you do need the contact information for 401k, Can most definitely provide that to you. Okay, that phone number is going to be one eight hundred nine. Seven zero, twenty three sixty three. That's okay. All right, not a problem. Well, if you have any more questions, you can always give us a call. Is there anything else that I can assist you with for today? Yes, sir. So we are going to be closed on Monday, but our hours of operation are Monday through Friday, nine a.m. to seven p.m. Eastern Standard Time. You do the same. Thank you for calling Brightspring Benefits Support Center. Bye bye.
