Hi there. Good afternoon. Thank you for contacting the Lion Delta Health Benefits Center. My name is Alice. May I start off by grabbing your first and last name? Hi there, Mr. Chapman. How can I help out today? No, you're a-okay. You are a-okay. I don't mean to overstep, but I do mean to overstep. I do see that the carrier for the Retiree Supplemental Life is MetLife. From. From Boya, let me take a look at some of those plan documents to see if anything hasn't changed for this year. Just a moment. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Okay. Life insurance. All vendors can be found under this. Okay. Go ahead. When was the last statement received from Boya? Okay. Okay. Give me just a second. Thought of the retiree life section. I'm looking for the change here. I don't want to get you over to. The wrong people. Yeah, no. Here it says MetLife, so this is a very interesting one. Give me just a second. Let me go to my resource guide. I'm very conflicted. You say Voya, we say MetLife, right? In everything, I believe you. Trust me, I do. She says, "I'm paying my money." I hear that. Yes, ma'am. I definitely do. The void is for your direct bill, but your life insurance is through MetLife, so that makes a little bit of sense. You holding a statement in your hand that says, "What?" Let's. I'm. I'm digging a little deeper. Uh huh. I see the benefit. It's for a hundred thousand six hundred dollars. I'm just missing the question. Then I guess. I do, I do see the benefit. You're just wondering about the vendor. The funding comes out of, or the payment comes out of direct bill, which is Voya. But the payment, or the life carrier, is MetLife. But you won't be contacted by them, or have anything to do with them until, unfortunately, he passes away. If I'm, if I'm being very blunt. With the voya, right? Okay. Can I also tell you that I don't see that there is a monthly cost for the life amount. I don't see a monthly cost for one one twenty twenty five like I did when I went back to last year. So that may be why you're unable to set up an account. The end date for the the actual payment policy it says here nine one twenty four twelve. 3124 monthly cost $117.50 for an approved amount of $106,600. And then if I go to today, it says: retirement amount, coverage start date 112025, no end date, monthly cost zero. The approved amount is still $106,600. So I can get you over. To avoid just to you know make sure that I'm reading the screen right, but I don't believe that you have any more payment to make, and that may be the reason why you can't set it up. But I don't know. That's that's not my system. Sorry. No, no, no, no, no, no. You have it. You just don't have to pay for it. That's what I can see. It's it's coming. Employer paid. The employer is paying for it. It's not coming from you. That's right. Now I'm clicking it. I'm clicking again. Okay, hold on, hold on. Why is this not updated? I'm gonna go to one one twenty twenty five. That's the only one I didn't click on. It still says no amount. I'm gonna click on my additional details. Premium cost per month: one hundred and ninety dollars and twenty-four cents for the year. Okay, okay, yeah, I'm I'm gonna get you the Voya because they'll be the only ones to help you set up the direct bill slash. I want you to take it straight out of my account. No worries. The option for Voya, when you do dial in, is option number twenty. Just so you're aware. No worries. You, you're welcome. You both have a great rest of the day, and thank you for your patience and letting me solve this wonderful puzzle with you. You're welcome. Have a good weekend. Take care.
