Hi there. Good afternoon. Thank you for contacting the Aurora Signature Benefit Service Center. My name is Alice. May I start off by grabbing your first and last name? Hello. No worries. Thank you, Miss Baldwin. How can I help out today? When you say you need to submit, you mean from us to them, or from them to us? I'm just a little confused. I'm sorry. Oh, a confirmation statement or anything like that. Give me just a second. Do you? Well, I don't even have to ask. I can look for myself. You do have access to. Sorry, I just was so rude. You do have access to the online portal. Are you currently logged in? You're okay. CompassDianEmpireanBenefits.com that portal, or the where it says Aurora Signature Benefits Center. Okay. Already logged in. Okay, go ahead and navigate to the home screen if you're not already there, and then I want you to go ahead and click on Benefit History over on the left side. Go ahead and click on the open enrollment event. This is your proof for currently for the 2024 year. I am wondering, you have the option here to print this out. This is your medical, dental, vision. You know your benefits for the. Effective twenty twenty four, your open enrollment is a lot different than a lot of other people's. I am looking. I'm wondering. I don't see any communication aside from a Cobra notice that was sent out to you. Like, no, I'm I'm with you. See a confirmation statement. So, what I'm going to do is create a case so that we can have one sent out to you. Because I, I, your annual enrollment, truly, you have benefits for this year. They began when they were supposed to last year, up until your next open enrollment this year. I don't know if that will suffice because there isn't anything here that says 2025. But I'm still gonna be able to send the confirmation statement for the benefits. I'm wondering that. Yeah, ooh, I get that. Is your school, um, hmm? I'm thinking. I really am. I'm sorry. I'm thinking because your annual enrollment is usually in the summer or you know mid summer. Is your School aware of that? You okay? Is your school aware that your open enrollment is that early slash late in the year? No, I. I I get that. I don't know if when you get this letter, you will have to stipulate that these benefits are for 2025. They began in 2024 because your open enrollment will will happen again. You'll be submitting new documentation later on in the year for them that says 2025. If I'm being quite honest, you'll get something. It just won't be right now. Because it's not showing enrollment, it won't say 2025. It's still going to say 2024, and it'll be just the same screen that I have you looking at there of the benefit history. That'll be your confirmation statement. So, yeah, I don't, I don't know if that helps or hinders. Yeah, you definitely are supposed to have a medical card now. The interesting one. Let's see who who your carrier is. My apologies, I definitely didn't forget about that. De cards, yes. Depending on yes, plan changes if you're adding or dropping dependent. So, did you change your plan from last year? Oh, okay. Yeah, you were. Yeah, I see that. I see that now. Give me just a second. Let's get you to the carrier. Who is your carrier? Of course, your signature. Let me provide the phone number for you because yes, you definitely should have an ID card. They'll also be able to send out one to you and provide the information to you over the phone. Um, yes, ma'am. It's okay. I'm sorry. Yeah. Wow. Whew. It's the middle of the. Year thing, I'm I'm sure it's very it's very weird. I like it because you know it wakes you up, sets you up a little bit, but it's it's different. It is definitely different. Okay, let me. But you don't even tell me whether or not you have amperenokaiser. Okay, let me. All you say is H D H P, thirty two hundred. So let me look for that. That that'll help. That's different. Is it Coates? All new world. We'll receive ID cards. Okay, give me just a moment. I have all the contacts here, but I don't want to just give you one, and it's not your um your carrier, if that makes sense. That mm mm. I'll be right back with you. Thank you. Oh, never mind. I take that back. Just a moment. Yep, you're not in California. Ha ha! All right, your carrier is Ameribin/Anthem. The phone number is eight five five six three nine eight six seven one. Right there. And would you like for me to transfer you over to them today? As well as, do you need the dental division as well? Just the medical. Okay. No worries. You're welcome, hon. You have a great rest of the day. Don't put yourself on mute. It should be fairly quick. Thank you. Take care.
