Thank you very much for calling Easy Cater. My name is Eric on a recorder line. How may I assist you today? Okay. Thank you very much for that information. Just to confirm, am I speaking with Shahid? Okay, Shahid. So, tell me what's going on with the order. What? Why did they tell you that they will be calling you back? I see. Hmm. Got you, and I do really apologize to hear that situation, Jade. That they never call you back. I was reading the notes, and yes, I do see that you call and make. And wanted to make sure if we can change the pickup time to eleven fifteen instead of ten forty-five, right? And as well, you mentioned to me about the instead of the strawberry cheesecake that you don't have, you will be sending them for the same price lemon cheesecake, right? Oh, okay, okay, okay. Ah, okay, so you will be sending eleven pieces from strawberry and four of lemon cheesecake for the same price. Oh, got you, got you, got you. Sorry, got you. Okay, so the reason why Shahid, we did not call you is because it seems that we tried to make a follow up with the customer, right? And it seems that we were not able to get in touch with her, right, or with him, right? So that's the reason why we haven't called you. So. Uh huh. é isso não sei No, and I feel you, and I feel you, and I do really apologize to hear that they did not give you a call back and let you know. And thank you very much for letting us know, right? Is, uh-huh. And uh, no, and it's totally understandable. And thank you very much for giving us a call and letting us know with plenty of time, so we can call the customer and stuff like that. So, look, we send him an email. What I'm gonna do for you, Shahid, I'll leave everything notated right there at this. Point, we cannot cancel the order, right? Because you already told your staff to to to go early to make the order, and you buy some stuff, right? So I'll leave everything notated as well. I'm gonna make the follow up with the customer, right, to make sure. Probably they can push the delivery time to thirty more minutes, right? Because probably they would not be having too much time to to to find a new cater, right? So I'll make a follow up with them. I'll let and as soon as we get a response, we'll make any type of modification needed. To the order, and we will be letting you know as well. Okay, don't worry, I'll got you on this one. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. No failure. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah, the thing is that it is not allowing you to reconfirm the order because it seems that it it is already reconfirmed, so you don't need to worry about that. So yes, don't worry, Shahid. Thank you very much for giving giving me a call, right, and letting me know all this situation. I'll leave everything updated. We'll follow up with the customer and let her let him know about the situation so they can be aware as well. Okay. Thanks to you. Take care. Okay. Bye bye.
