Thank you for calling from You Flowers. My name is Rob. How can I help you today? Delivered, may I please have the order number so I can check? Yes. Thank you. One moment, please. Um. Hello. Who Who am I speaking with? Thank you. Can you just verify the the name of the receiver? Thank you. So yeah, I chose here. Yeah, let me just uh check uh the tracking. Hmm. I see, and it's already. I understand it now. It's already seven, almost eight p.m. Sabrina, can you just verify the delivery address, please? Uh huh. Thank you. Thank you. The line was breaking. Can I just repeat it to you what I have here? Six four five nine. The Hertzier Road, apartment six thirty one. Correct. Hmm. Okay. Yeah. I think I've seen it already, but ah, let me just check. But on the tracking, it's it shows on the way, and then address information required. Um, and and it's her birthday already. Ah, Sabrina, what I can offer to. Do here is we could provide a partial refund of thirty percent of the bouquet that you've ordered, since this is looking to be delayed. Uh huh. Yes, I understand. It's supposed to be birthday. I understand how important this is to be delivered today. But yeah, yeah, it's already almost eight, so I can pre pre fund thirty percent of what you paid for for the booking. Uh huh. Um. So um, I would suggest uh, Sabrina is to reach out with UPS because uh, unfortunately, we are we are unable to contact. Them and might not get ah instructions instructions from the sender. Uh huh. Uh huh. So, um, Sabrina, if you contact UPS, maybe they just need some information because it's it shows on the track. There's an exclamation point and other information required. Maybe just they just need to verify something. Then they should be able to deliver it after that. I just wanted just to confirm with them because the tracking, yeah, it shows that something has to be fixed or verified with UPS. Uh huh. Yeah, I'm not sure if I understood you correctly, but my answer to that is, Sabrina, if you contact UPS, verify the information. Uh huh. Uh huh. Y. Hmm. No. What I'm saying is, UPS should be able to deliver this still. I just think that they need to verify information with the sender, which is you. So they should be still be able to deliver this. Once again, yes. Even tomorrow, it's not a question. They should be able to deliver this event tomorrow. That is correct. Because all right, thirty percent of the one dozen red pink roses, and you will receive an email confirmation for the refund. Okay. Anything else? All right. Thank you for your time today. Hope you have a good one too.
