Hello. Yep. Yes, this is Michael. 这个。 So, I mean, I I called the customer and left them a voicemail after you called me last time. I we were willing to remake the food. It's kind of weird that we didn't hear about this until two hours after it was requested to be delivered. Our our our driver was Anna. Anna, she tried calling the customer. The customer did not answer. She then called you guys to tell you that. She couldn't get up to the 18th floor because Amazon does not let people up past the past the main lobby. I mean, we we will do what we have to do to make it right to the customer. We can remake food, but yes, it's it's concerning to us that this is happening two hours after they requested delivery. They're now just looking for their food. We dropped it off at we dropped it off at 10:33. And they're checking for their food at 12:30. It's kind of weird that they didn't go for two hours to look for their food. 嗯。 Okay. Okay. Well, we that what? Oh, I was gonna say we can. We'll happily offer them a refund. I mean, we we don't want to piss anyone off here. We don't. We don't care about the money. It was. Small order. We we apologize, but again, you know, I don't I don't know what to say. We apologize. We wish we had heard sooner. We would have remade the food and brought a new batch to them. But it sounds like it's too late for that. So, uh, yeah. I mean, whatever you want to do to make them happy, we don't care if you cancel it, refund it. Doesn't matter to us. Yeah, we're okay with it as long we're okay with it as long as you can make me one promise. If they leave us a bad review, you can take it down. Because again, I don't feel like this was our fault. I don't care about the money, but I don't want. A bad review, and I don't want this affecting, you know, how our online account looks. If you cancel it, if you cancel, are they able to leave a review for us, or is it just a canceled order then? Can you? Okay. Well, I would. Okay, I would like some extra notes put in here that we have been very responsive, very open to helping. And again, I wish they had gone down there at 10:45 and called and said, "Hey, our food's not here," and we would have remade it and had it back there in another 15 minutes. Because again, someone very well could have stolen their food, and that happens. And we we would have done everything we could to make it right. And we don't want this to look bad on our end. We take a lot of pride, and we're usually a reliability rock star. And we take a lot of pride. Keeping that, and I don't feel that this should change that in any way. Yeah, and we—I don't know—I don't know why they put it in that box. Almost all of our boxes are in branded boxes, so I—I'll. Check with the team. I didn't have anything to do with this order. I'll check with them on why it was not in our branded box. Maybe they ran out. I'm not exactly sure, but I will check with them on that. So we understand their concern there. So. Okay. Okay. Yep. Thank you. You too. Bye.
