Hello, my name is Stephanie. I'm calling from ShareCare, servicing the BeWell SHBP. Is Stacella available? Hi, I'm just. I'm calling from ShareCare, on behalf of the BeWell SHBP program. I was just calling to provide some information about our health coaching program. Is now a good time? That's just where you can. Speak to one of our health coaches over the phone, typically one time per month, for about fifteen twenty minutes, and they can help discuss anything health or wellness wise, just to help keep you healthy, active, working on health goals, things like that. And our coaches are here Monday through Saturdays, so what's a good day to get those calls started for you? Saturday, okay, perfect. Well, first off, I. I do just want to let you know this call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. And then, if you could please verify your first and last name, date of birth, and full mailing address, please. All right, perfect. And then, I do also want to verify contact information with you. So the number I have is obviously the number I called you on, and again, seven zero four seven. And is that a good number to leave voicemails on if we happen not to answer? Okay. And then, would you like to receive text message reminders, also? Okay. And then, is there a email that you would like to provide? Okay. Okay. Yeah, we looks like we don't have one, but if you ever want to update that, we can always add one on for you. And then, is there a specific time of day to call? And is Saturday the only day that we can schedule you? So we're here. The coach. We're all here until eight to eight Eastern. Eastern Monday through Friday, and then Saturdays the coaches are here, eight to four thirty Central, so that'd be nine to five thirty Eastern. Okay, yeah, we can find a time for you. And then, like, what's the earliest and latest we can call if we were to miss you on a call and need? Call back. 5 p.m. Okay. All right. Just so I can save that in your file here. All right, and then would you like to list your primary care physician on file, if you have one? You don't have one. Okay, that's okay. And then, have you had your flu shot in the last twelve months? Okay, and have you ever used tobacco? Okay, all right. Let's see. Well, if you have time now, I can try to transfer you. If not, I can schedule you for February the fourteenth. At let's see, you said after five, so I can do like five thirty, six thirty, seven, seven thirty, or Valentine. I'm sorry, say that again. Yeah, I can try. And if I don't get a coach, I'll come back to you, and we'll try to schedule. See what other day we have in on file for you to schedule for. Okay. So, let me put you on a hold, and I'll try to get you transferred. Okay, one moment.  Hi, this is Stephanie, Member Services. Well, I guess Engagement Specialist today. But I have Stichella Turner on my backline. Did she come up for you? Perfect. I reached out on an engagement campaign, and she has that time now. Perfect. Here she comes. Thank you.
