Um. So, do you have? Let me pull up the company again. Here it is. Okay. Let me. I just wanted to check out your ALIs just in case. So, it looks like the original, like the very first article of incorporation, isn't connected to anything yet. Um. That's probably like one of the health checks you might have seen too on the account. So, what I would recommend doing. You'll edit the share class. Do you see in the drop-down here where it says like it has all of your different articles of incorporation here on this page? If you do the most. So I want just to share. Yeah, I'm on just the share classes under securities managed share classes. Perfect. And then you went to edit share classes. Yeah, edit, and then I have my drop down of. Okay. Perfect. So if you go in to that drop down, it'll show you the three different ALIs that you have on file. I think the one at the bottom that you have here, one point. One is the very first one. Let me just double check. Yeah, so that's the first one you have on file here. I would go in and connect. Trying to think. Well, what we could do is use this first one for the most recent one that you have for 2021 here. Yeah, the recent one. Go ahead. Yeah, go ahead and give it. Click that one. It should pop up with a filing date of 8/16/21. Yep. And then for the name, you can name it whatever you'd like. I think it does require you put the date in there, so you could do like 8/16/21 Aoi, whatever is easier for you. All right, and then you should be able to hit that save button. After that, yep, I'm with you. Perfect. And then what you can do is, if you want to finish editing and save here. Yeah, do I? Am I impacting anything else here? I just, I just see I added a. Fourth line. I'm going to name the share class warrant, and just save. Am I going to mess up anything from the previous? No, you wouldn't, because this is going to be your most recent for right now. And then we can come back in and actually connect the historical ALIs after we finish editing and saving this one. All right. It might ask you to enter some of the information if you want to put like. Placeholder information there for right now. You can. I got you. Yeah, can I just put like zeros? I'm just not sure, like what the yeah, or you could put like um whatever the other lines have in them as well, if you'd like. Whatever's going to be easier for you. All right. Hmm. Tennis. Tennis.
