Yes, it is her. Divine. 嗯。 Okay. Yeah, it's Tammy Maddox, 1676 East Lake Drive, Cookeville, Tennessee, and my date of birth is 11-12-57. Great, five oh six. No, you know, I had weight loss surgery about fourteen years ago, and so, you know, I went through that. The only thing I've tried to get on is try to get some counseling because I live. We own a business. Besides, we work for the school transportation office, and it's very high-stress job. And I just got some stuff going on at home, and I've got a grandson I'm keeping. This last few months, he'll be 18 in April, so I've got that new challenge on me. And every time I went there to try to do that, it's like they do. I don't know. They just send me something. I gotta have a code. So I just, I just didn't even bother with anymore. I mean, it was just, it was stressing me out just trying to go through all that. So my daughter said she would help me. But I've just never got with her to try to help me to try to get on there just to talk to somebody. I'm fixing to get, yeah. Well, so, yeah, I have Blue Cross Blue Shield. I used to have Signa, and then I changed it over to Blue Cross Blue Shield. So I don't know when you say you're with Signa, I don't know what program that is. Okay. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah. Well, I don't know if I can. Start today, Dad. I we drive a shuttle service here in Cobble, and so because of all the snow that we just got, we're out of school. I'm having to drive a lot, so you know that. And I'm I'm looking to retire from my job. I've been there 31 years, and I'm trying to. My husband wants me to retire. He curses at me all the time because I'm still driving, but I love my job. So it's really put the stress on me that I've got to pick or choose what you know. And so that's that's somewhat. Stressing out too, and you know, I just don't know which way to turn. And you know, I don't take medication, but I feel like I need to, you know, just for my mental well-being. You know, not that I'm contemplating suicide. I just, I don't like my job. I go in every day, and it's like I just, you know, it's been a lot of stuff going on there. I just don't want to go to work anymore. I mean, it's just, and that's part of a depression, I guess, that I'm feeling. But. Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing that bothers me too. Because I, you know, I, I, I cut my arms, yards, something. I hit. I can. I can hit it on the side of a door. I just hit. The door, and hit my head. That a couple weeks ago, I got a big old bruise on my head, and now it's starting to turn green and get healed. And I just don't slow down enough. I think's my problem. But you know, well, I need to. I've got some calls coming in for our shuttle. Can you give me a call back in about ten minutes? Okay. Okay. Well, that number you called me—yeah, that number you called me in on—I can call back on, right? Yeah, I've got it. I've got it in my phone list. It's Sigma Partners for Health. Is what it's listed in my phone. Okay. All right. All right. Thank you so much. I thank you. Bye bye.
