Good afternoon. Thanks for calling Easy Theater. My name is Mia. I'm a recorded line. And how can I assist you today? All right. Thank you for that information. And may I ask who I'm speaking with? Okay. Thank you so much for that information. How can I assist you today? Oh, so you got communication that your card we were unable to process your payment on your card. All right. Let's see here. Well, we can definitely see what we need to do to get this issue taken care for you. Okay. So it looks like the card information, the card number. That I have on file, the last four digits is zero three one seven. Let's see. It looks like we tried up until ten twenty two was the last time. So, are we going to go ahead and try that card again? Um, it says it's just being processed or declined. Um, and now that can be one of two things. It what I've seen in the past is that the card actually has declined for you know insufficient funds. But then I've also seen some cases where, if it is not, um, it may be your financial institution just kind of protecting you if they don't recognize it. Uh, maybe if you don't have not used it for an order before or. I've just seen them decline it because, as a protection method, rather, you know, in some. So that could be it as well. If it continues to happen, that could be something that could be going on as well. Uh huh. Not a problem at all. Let me go ahead and. Okay. Let's see here. Combination. You have three, one, seven. All right. Let's see. All right. Here. Okay. Uh, let's see. Yeah, it it uh it failed again. Yeah, absolutely. Mhm. Not a problem.  Okay, we want to change a different change it to a different card for this order. Okay, yeah, that's what usually happens. That's why I can tell it. A lot of our customers, you know, we understand. Not that you don't have the money, but the banks will do it sometimes, just as a protection. If they say, "Hey, you haven't been using that card, and now you're now you're charging three hundred dollars on it. What's going on here?" Okay, alrighty. I am. So once we complete the payment, we will go ahead and delete this call as well to protect your card information. Okay. Okay, not a problem at all. And okay, does it have the correct spelling of the first and last name on the card? Okay. All right, Jerry Clark. And then your on the card it says Baylor College of Medicine. Okay. Okay, and then the card number. Okay, thank you. And expiration date. Okay, and the three-digit code. All right, and the zip code associated with the card. All right, thank you. So we'll save that. And then on this order, want to change the help information. Okay, so we've changed it to the card ending in five five eight zero. Or. Go ahead and try the payment. Fix this issue before. Okay. All right. So, give me just one moment here. I'm going to go ahead and try to run that card for us here. And I'll be right back with you. Okay, if I place you just on a brief hold here. Okay, thank you so much. You're welcome. All right, thank you so much for patiently holding for me here. So we have set up the new card on file, and then once the let me see here, the system's going to automatically charge your card here, and once it's automatic, once it. Processes, you will receive your email that the card, the payment has gone through. Hello, Mister Ibarra. Yes, it will show. Yes, it will reflect on the account. Yes, sir. Once everything's processed and you receive that email, it will reflect that the payment was captured. Yes, sir. You're very, very welcome. Thank you for giving us a call here at Educator. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you. Bye bye.
