Hi. Good evening. Let me give you the order number. Is G G as in girl, W as in wagon, dash K as in kite, V as in Victor, and it must be a Q as in Queen. I'm Debra Pickney calling from Calgas Energy. And this order is for narrow bread. Okay, let me make sure I'm doing this right. Hold on a second. Orders. I need to add. What did she say? Da da da da da. Katie. One second. I don't see how many people. She said, "Oh, 14 people max." Okay, so I have. Looking at the order, let me click on the order. I need to add more chips. I have one large fruit bowl, one tea, uncleaned. Another agave when I need. I'm trying to look at the. Order. Why can't I see the order? Okay, three hot assorted sandwiches, one large fruit bowl. I know what I need to add. I think they have like a assortment cookie thing. I probably need to call them in the morning myself. Probably might be better 'cause they're closed now 'cause this order's not until the 11th. But I've ordered something in the past. Where I ordered a assorted cookie tray, I think. I do need to add more chips. I'm not sure. Well, not the real thing, and I need to probably come and talk cookies and a salad. They're going to probably have that in the morning. About that. Yep. Okay. Thank you. 嗯哼。 No, I'm going to call them about tomorrow morning. Yeah, I'm going to call them and ask them, but they're probably going to tell me I need to talk to you. But they can tell me how to add it in. They're probably going to tell me I need to talk to you all. That's what's going to happen. But I'll call them and just find out about the dessert. Dessert. Let's see. Sweet. I see. Yeah. That's okay. I'll call them in the morning because I see brownies. But I know my last order. Let's see the last from oil and canary. But in a second. Okay, so let's see. Orders completed. Okay, this is an eleven twenty-one. Let me look at it and see. Yeah, let me see. Let me click on it. Order number five CX. Dash four GP. Let me see something. I think. Let's see what we got. How come it doesn't show? Yeah, this. You know what? This order was for 13 people. Please add additional bags of chips, and please add enough sandwiches for 13 people. Yeah. Okay. So let me see what they did because I'm gonna have to duplicate this order for some other people. This is the same. I'm gonna duplicate this order for several people. Another meeting, right? So here, I was trying to see what the order consisted of that was completed. Hot assorted sandwiches was at 68, 69. I can't see what it was. Order details: two hot assorted sandwiches. Okay, that was 137, 38. Okay. Tableware, chips. Okay. Okay, there it is. Twelve assortment cookies, and I did a large Caesar salad. That's what I'm going to call them about tomorrow morning. I'm going to duplicate. I'm going to duplicate this order here. Is what I really wanted to do. So what I wanted to do was, but for the order I'm ordering. For the eleventh, two assorted sandwiches, one one ten sweet, and one okay ten chips. So then they had called me before, so I need to make sure I have like about fifteen bags of chips. Okay, I will call them in the morning to duplicate the order from. I want to duplicate the order from November twenty-first. Do you see the order from November twenty-first? I gave. If we posted out this five CX four GT four GT as in Paul, same order. Okay, good. This same order, I would like to do for the order that's pending for delivery for order number GGW dash KVK. That's going to be delivered on twelve eleven at twenty at eleven fifteen a.m. I would like to do the same thing for this office. So, whatever is on the other order number that I gave you for this twenty sixth November, I want it to be exactly the same. I'm going to wait till tomorrow morning because no, I'm going to wait until. Tomorrow morning, because they're closed. Okay, because you need to call them and let them know that I'm what I want to do. So I'm just going to call tomorrow morning. Thank you for your help. But now, see what I can do. Thank you. Bye bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
