hello, yesam, hi, uh huh, uh huh. Yeah, but the biggest question was, you know, like I was. Saying is that I told you what I needed, and I need something with copay. I was, yeah, and that's what I understood.  Okay, so here's my question, because I know that at the end of all the call, I guess if I misunderstood, because one of what you're telling me, you know, because I asked for a copay, you told me I asked for a copay for the medicine, but I'm pretty sure I asked for a copay for the doctor, because that's really, really important. Because he goes every what three months to the doctor, so. Let's say that's the case. Is that it? I can't do anything anymore, and I can't change this. Uh huh. Okay. Yes, because here's the thing. Right now, if as long as he keeps, you know, going to the doctor, he's supposed to. As long as he keeps taking his medication and taking his care of himself like he's supposed to, you know, it's you know very generic. It's not a big deal. But the moment he stops, you know, it could cost him very, you know, irreparable damage to his medical health. So yeah, please let them know that, you know, that is important. Oh, you know it. Uh huh. Yeah. And the misunderstanding is, um, is only on your side. On my side too. Will you be able to do it on my side? You know, just in case the misunderstanding. Either way, okay. Okay. Also, I need to send over the paperwork. Is there an email I can send that to, or is this only upload? Is that the only way? Because we're paying for life insurance, but if it's already closed, and we, you know, we're paying for life, we have to guess we'd have to cancel it because I wouldn't be approved if I don't, if I can't upload that in time. You know, I don't know why we thought it was the 15th. You know, and they well, they did tell him at work it was still the 15th. That's what they told him. At work, but you know, it's a new company. We're learning. Uh huh. Okay. All right. Then I got it. All right. I appreciate it. Thank you, man. You too. Stay safe. I don't know if you're in Texas, but it's yes. Okay. Stay. Safe, okay. Thank you. You too, Bry.
