Thank you for calling Easy Cater. My name is Luis. In our recorded line, how can I help you?  Yes, hello. This is Luis from Easy Cater in our recorded line, Mrs. Rosa. Okay, wonderful. I don't know what happened. I was talking to you on the other line, but you were not able to hear me. So, yes, I do understand why this is so important for you. I am so sorry to hear about the reliability rockstar taken off from from your account, and I'm going to be more than happy to help you out with this. And yes, according to what I got here for the Sandelas Flatbread Cafe, a When I when I access to the Easy Manage account for it, I see that there is no reliability Rockstar, and I have a message stating that this is not or not a reliability Rockstar this month. So, what you will have to do is send an email into our partner success at easycater.com. Is actually the email address. Okay, wonderful. When did you send that email? Oh, okay. I am so sorry, but yes, in this case, we are not able to do because we do not have access to all that information. Only our partner's success team, it's able to do it. If you send the email one hour ago, most likely you are going to get a response by later on today or tomorrow morning. I am so sorry that I cannot help you with this because, in customer service, we do not have any access to that. But. Uh huh. Definitely. Of course. Definitely, definitely. Of course. Definitely, and and I totally get that. I. Totally get that, and if that will be my case, I will be very upset as well. Especially as you said, since you are paying commissions and everything to EseCater and and just doing what what is on your side of of the work to do. So what I'm going to do is that I'm going to send them a message right now. I'm writing a message to our partner success team, just letting them know that you already sent an email one hour ago and that you need to have a response by today as soon as possible in order to. Turned your reliable little rockstar into the account, so you are going to get an update from them. Okay. Definitely, I'm going to pass all that information out to them. I'm going to make them aware that you didn't perform any cancellation, any delay on acceptance, or something associated to that. So there is no reason. In order for you to get your reliability rocks to remove from from the account, I will be sending that message right now, and you must have an update by later on from our partner success team. Okay. Of course. Yes. That is correct. That is correct, and I am so. That I do not have any straight answer for it, but I I have access to the same information that you that you have access to, and yes, it's not specifying what happened; it's just stating not a reliable rockstar this month, but it's not showing why. If if this is maybe because of customers' complaint or or what happened, if it was because of your performance or so, but I already sent a message to our partner success team, just letting them know about what happened and also letting them know that you already sent a. Email to them one hour ago, so you will have an update by later on from them. And once again, I am so sorry about this, but they are the only ones that can help you in in regards of this matter. Right, unfortunately, they do not have any inbound line or department where I can transfer your call over. The only way that we and customer service can get in contact with them it's via direct message. So I already sent that message to them, letting them know that you need. To have somebody to call you right away, explain what happened, and return the the reliability rockstar to your account as soon as possible because you are not willing to wait for over thirty days to to get it back. And once again, I am so sorry about it. So I'm going to make sure you are going to get a response by by today from from that. So far, no, I do not. See any? Uh huh. Of course. Of course. Definitely understandable. Definitely understandable. So I'm passing out all that information to them, just letting them know that you are really, really upset about it, because it was just removed without any type of advice for you, and of course, all the money and commissions that you have paid to to EasyCater. So they will have all that information when they communicate back to you. Once again, I am so sorry about that. I wish that I can go ahead and help you out, but since it's a totally different department, I did everything that it's in my hands, just sending them a message and requesting them to communicate with you right away, Mrs. Rosa. So you must have a communication back from them by later on today. Is there anything else that I can do for you? Okay, thank you for choosing EasyCare. Hope you have a good day. Take care. Okay, bye.
