Can I help you? Sure, no problem at all, Teresa. I can definitely help you out regarding an order that we have for tomorrow, which store, and sorry that you have to close on your business casual, right? Um. May I know, uh, what is the phone number or email associated with the Red Robin's account? Um, uh, you mentioned that this is the one in Fall Church. Uh, let me try to do. Is this the one in six three three one seven Corner Center? Okay, thank you very much. And I do see over here that you have. One, two, three orders for tomorrow, April the second. What? What is the order number, or any details that you may have? Okay, perfect. Thank you very much, Teresa. And yes, I'm looking over here at that order. Tell me, how can I help you with it? Okay. Is this is this the order E eighty nine Y? EuroP. Yes, it's from the same customer, according to my assistant. She placed the two orders. Yes, I do see that both are going to the same place, right? And different time frame. Let's see here. Uh huh. Let me just check because I'm looking over here, and YouTuber reads. Well, I see that both of them have the same address: one seven seven five one Street Northwest, number seven, Washington D.C. No. No, both of them have the same address: one seven seven five, one Street Northwest. Um, it's not different. Uh huh. Let me just go ahead and reach out to the customer and double check if she needs both orders. Uh, going to the same address. Because according to when I'm looking over here, both of them has the same address, the one seven seven five one street. Both of them has the same address. According to my system, I don't see any change on the address. Probably it could be this your system that printed like that, but I do see one seven seven five one Street Northwest on both of them. So let me just go ahead and call the caterer. I'm sorry, call the customer and double check that, okay, to make sure. Yes, and I will. Go ahead and double check, and also I will go ahead and check the address as well. If both of them needs to go to the same location, the same address, the same delivery instruction. Okay, anything else besides that? Do you mind waiting on the line, or would you like a callback or text? I will be right back with you, Teresa. Stand the line. Hi, good afternoon, Fatima. This is. Jocelyn from Easy Cater in a recording line. I'm calling regarding two orders that we have for tomorrow with Red Robins, the E89Y0P and W1TDTU. We're calling because the caterer just want to clarify if both orders you place them on Easy Cater with a difference of 15 minutes each of them. Want to be 11:15, 11:30, and the other one 11:11:15. Okay, and just to confirm, both of them needs to go to the one seven seven five, one Street Northwest, number seven, Washington D.C. Uh, which one? I'm sorry. Oh, okay, sure. Both of them will be separated. That's right. We just want to, okay, so we just want to make sure that both of them are right, and that you didn't make any mistake, and that both of them are going to the same place. Oh, okay, got you. And both of them will be, uh, will have the same like delivery instructions, right? Okay, perfect. I just wanted to clarify that, and I will inform the caterer about it, okay? Because they are the one in charge of delivering the food. Okay, well, thank you. You okay? Have a great day. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Thanks. Thank you very much for holding. Sorry for the delay, ma'am, Theresa. Well, let me tell you, I spoke with the customer, and indeed, she placed both of them with that difference of fifteen minutes, right? And both of them are going to the same place, same delivery instruction: one seven seven five, one Street Northwest, in number seven, Washington D.C. The customer just want to make sure that. Both orders will be separated, not all together, if that is possible, right? Okay, but yes, just to clarify, both orders have the same address, okay? Uh huh. Any other concern that you may have? Uh huh. That's correct. Just that's correct. Uh huh. No matter if it's the same like driver, right? Um, if the driver just separate both orders, that it will be great for. That's what the customer said. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Well, thank you, Teresa. Have a great day. Bye bye. You're welcome. Bye bye.
