Hi. Yes, I I did a mistake. I did uh two things. I don't know if you can help me. Um, I'm gonna give you two order numbers. Um, this one. One of them got canceled, but I want to buy. I want to get it again. Four, three, two, six, two, zero, one, A six. David Adamus. Farista, I think I know. I I want to buy it again because I canceled that order, and they gave me. They told me to buy it again. I bought it again, but I bought the. The one with twelve roses, but it's the same price. So I rather just buy that one. If if it's the same price. Oh. Yeah, I think I think I had a coupon. I think. Look, I think the first one got canceled, and then I bought it again. Like, and then I bought it again. But I think the, I I think I didn't. I think I didn't buy it with the. I think I didn't buy it with the coupon. So there was supposed to be a coupon, and the second one I didn't buy it with the coupon, but with the first one I did. You're talking about the the other one, right? But the second one is fifty fifty two dollars, and this one's fifty eight. For six dollars more, I'd rather get this one. For six dollars more, rather get the the twelve the. Can I give you six more dollars, and can I get the the big one? I just want the I just want the first one, uh, for the same price. Okay, can all right. So, can I cancel this one, do it all over again with the coupon? I know. I want. I want, but I know. But it's not this. Is this one's better? The first one's a better price. I think the first one I used a coupon. It was. They said something about if I use my email, they'll take off twenty five dollars or twenty five percent off the first order. I had to put my email, and then, then that cancel that order got canceled because I used a coupon. But the second one, I didn't use a coupon, and then it just stayed the same. Unless you put the coupon now, then fine. Okay, all right. Can I just do everything all over again? And do you and do you have the coupon that I used for the first one? Okay, so if I cancel the second one and do the. And do the the twenty four roses that it will come out the same price? Okay, so I'm gonna get that one because that one's way better. I like that price better. I'm so sorry. I I did this over the phone with the other woman, and I told her I I paid. I. Paid both prices, both flowers, with um with Apple Pay, and you guys don't take Apple Pay over the phone. Yeah, and then I'm on, I'm go back on on online and get the the same order again because if it's only five dollars more, rather just get the the other one. All right. Thank you so much. No, no, thank you. Thank you so much. Bye. Bye.
