Thank you for calling Robert Half Benefits Service Center. This is Nick speaking. Who am I speaking to today? Hi, Nick. My name's Caitlin Hensby. All right, Caitlin. How can I be able to assist you? Um, I called eight days ago, and they let me know that it looks like there was no funds. Okay, let me have a look at your account. Did you enroll for it during annual enrollment? Yeah. Yeah, I don't have, I don't use the health insurance benefits. I'm a husband, but I use either the HSA or the FSA. Like I would do that every year. Oh yeah. Um, I do see that you don't have coverage for the HSA for this year. It should be covered. Is it? I don't know if it was an HSA or an FSA. Do the same one. Yeah, it was the FSA, the Health Flexible Spending Account. Um, for the HFS for the FSA and the HSA, you require to have health insurance. Depending on the medical plan, the medical plan will opt you to either select HSA. Or FSA. Yeah, but last year I wasn't on Robert's health insurance. Okay. And I had a FSA, or an HSA. It was one or the other. I don't know which one it was, but I didn't, because I used my husband's health insurance. Okay. And then I get the spending account through Robert's health. Sure, I do see that you had coverage for 2024. Approved amount of eight hundred dollars. Did you get a confirmation number when you enrolled? So, whenever you enroll and submit benefits, you usually get a confirmation number. Looking at your benefits, I do see that it wasn't selected for the FSA. What I do see is that. Just one moment. I do see pet insurance that you enrolled. Yes, I do see that, and also there was also supplemental employee life coverage you had selected. Yeah, and that got messed up. Um, for some reason, it was not held up properly, and it was not. All right, so, so the only way you can be able to make changes. All right, so what we can do is that the only way you can make changes to the FSA, if you want to. Include the FSA for benefits for 2025 is whether you, if you have a qualified life event, or the next annual enrollment period, is when you can make changes, or you can be able to submit an appeal. Just request that you require to have the flexible spending account for next for this year. Okay. Okay. Oh, we can do it then. I'll get home on my end, and I'll give you guys a call on Monday to figure out. All right, then. So on Monday, just to clarify, we won't be open. We will be open on Tuesday. Oh, yeah. It's a holiday. I'll give you a call Tuesday. I can give. I can give. Give you our hours of operation. All right then. So, thank you for calling the Robot Half Benefit Service Center, and you have a good day. Bye bye.
