Hi, Landon. I ordered some flowers back at the first part of, I believe it was May, and I wasn't satisfied with the order. And I, I did get a email from your company stating that you guys would refund me my money, and it's been a whole month. And you guys haven't refunded the money back yet to my account. Hold on, just a moment. Let me get it. Um, I believe the order number is gonna be four three two two six zero six five six one. Correct. My name is Antoine White. The recipient's first and last name is Montana Gore. No, that's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is, the flowers that they delivered were not the flowers that I ordered. They look nothing like the flowers that I ordered. I sent a picture to you guys showing you what they delivered because the picture was sent to me. And when I called your customer support, they refunded the money to my account, but they they have they still haven't sent the money to my account. So the the email was sent to me, and this is what it says. It says, "Thank you for your reply. Please accept our apologies for any inconvenience this may have caused." Okay, that's for the delivery. Hold on. Cause you guys have sent me a few emails. Give me just a moment. Um, I believe this is it. Oh, here it is. Thank you for taking the time to communicate how our service did not meet your expectations. I would like to apologize to you and Montana Gore for this inconvenience. Substandard service is not typical. We strive to provide the best customer service possible. A full refund has been applied to your account for any inconvenience caused by this. This offer will be processed back to your payment method in one to three business days, but it wasn't processed. They never sent it. Okay, thank you so much. I'm here. That's what was supposed to be processed to my account. Can you send me a text message with regards to that, please? I mean, an email. Okay, hold on. Okay, I got it. Thank you so much. That's it. Thank you so much. You too. Bye bye. 嗯。
