Pardon? Which which stakeholder was this? Oh, is is she in the stakeholder name list? Do do I go to shares or equity awards or which one? Equity awards from the drop down. Oh, okay. Her her name is Kelly. Let me see which. ES13. All right. Go ahead. Click the three dots to the right of that equity award. Okay. I'll write down the procedures and tell her. Okay. Then click the three dots to the right of it, and then terminate. Stakeholder is the very bottom option. Oh, terminate stakeholder. Okay, so I will need to terminate her first, right? Yeah. So that's what you were looking to do, right? She has exercisable options, and upon the termination date, the invested will. Return to the company. Oh, yeah, that's one thing. Like after she's terminated, that's one thing I need to do. But she has a question. Like, how? How does she? How? How can she access exercise her options? Oh, I might have missed that part. Yeah, she should be able to do that within her carta account, even after you reflect it. Like she left the company, right? That's what you're saying. Not yet. She will leave next week, but she wants to know the like. Gotcha. Yes. Yeah. So, we is she based in the U.S. or outside the U.S.? Uh, she's based in the U.S., but she might leave for another country. Okay, no worries. It looks like you don't have option exercising enabled either way. So, first, we'll need to do that. She could exercise manually, but that's her just sending you money directly outside the plan. And then you would have to reflect it manually, like the exercise itself. So that would all happen off the platform. If you want her to be able to exercise in Carta, you're going to go ahead and navigate to Company Settings on the very bottom left corner. Okay, Company Settings. Okay. And then click on Transaction Settings in the drop-down. Action settings. Okay, I see. And then you can see it's not enabled quite yet, but you can click the setup button to get that enabled in the platform. Oh, okay. Just a quick question: Do I mean do startup companies enable this normally, or I mean startup companies? Startup companies. Yeah. Yeah, most I would say most people enable option exercising, but I could definitely tell you more about the context. Okay, yeah, I just I mean like I want to know the pros and cons. Like, if people started to exercise, how how do we like keep track of it? I mean, like, well, we lose control.
