Thank you very much for calling Easy Cater. My name is Eric on our call line. How may I assist you today? Okay. Thank you very much for that information. Just to confirm, am I speaking with Eve? Tell me, Eve, what can I do for you on this order? Okay, I do really apologize. Hear about that information, right? Let me go ahead and double check what we can go ahead and do right now to get in touch with the delivery driver because one of my partners was trying to get in touch with him, and it seems that he is not responding. So let me. No, yes, and it's and it's totally understandable. By any chance, can I go ahead and place you on a brief call while I go ahead and double check this information real quick? Or do you want me to give you a follow-up via email, text, or a callback? Sorry? Okay, thank you very much. I'll please you just on a brief hold. Hi, good morning. This is Eric from Easy Care on our call line. I was just. Giving you this courtesy call in regards to order F G X dash A Z six. Just to make sure, if we have any ETA on on the pickup time, since the delivery, well, the caterer is asking for for any ETA. So please, as soon as you hear this message, give us a call back to one eight hundred four eight eight eighteen zero three. Thank you very much. Bye bye. So, wait. Thank you very much for patiently holding. Are you still with me? Yes, I'm. Thank you very much for patient and holding. So, a right now. Yes. So, I was trying to get in touch with a delivery driver. A, but he is not responding. And the thing is that, based on the delivery information that we have here, it is showing that it should be there between 4:36 and 4:46, right? So I do really apologize for the inconvenience. What I can go ahead and keep trying is to get in touch with him or see if I can get any other information with my team, right? And as well, contact the customer and let them know that it's not on you guys that it's on ours, right? Because this is not your fault. Right. Yeah, the driver is still coming, but he's not responding to our call. So I'm gonna keep trying, and as well as for my team to for help, just to see if they can contact him. And as well, we'll go ahead and contact the customer and let them know about the situation, so they can know that it's not on you guys, that it's on us, or in our delivery driver. I'm gonna go ahead and add my team up about that situation too, so we can go ahead and help you out on this one, okay? Hopefully that, hopefully that. The driver, but yes, what I'm gonna do is that I'm gonna let my team know as well that about the situation, right? So we can be able to to help you out on that one, okay? So, but half an hour. See, but I do see that the pickup time was four nineteen. Uh huh. No, got you. So, got you. Definitely, definitely. So, look, I'm gonna go ahead and let my team know, okay. And once we got a response, we'll go ahead and make a follow up with you because you are making this order, right? And it's not on you guys. Basically, it's our driver that was not on time. Okay, so I'm gonna let them know. I do really apologize. We're trying to do to get in touch with the driver, Abe. I'm trying to do my best, but the driver is not answering. Now, with the others, with the other situation that you're making the order, I'm gonna let my team know. And instead of you calling us, I'm gonna leave the follow-up so we can go ahead and give you a call to you directly to let you know. Not so sure, Abe. Not so sure because I don't know how much time they will go ahead and take to give me a response right now. Okay, got you. Thank you very much. Bye bye.
