Thank you so much for patiently waiting on the line. My name is Sam. I'm part of the finance department. May I have your order number? Okay. May I apologize, but can you give me a couple minutes? My system seems to be loading. Here, okay. I managed to put up an order, and just to make sure that this is yours, may I please have your name? Okay. All right. So, according to your Miss Risa, your order has been set up for review by our finance system. So, we just need to verify some information here before we can process your order fully. Would you be all right to verify right now? Okay, understood. I can assist you with whatever changes you need, as long as we undergo this verification process. Okay. All right. So first, is can you please verify the billing address provided in this order? Okay, correct. Next, is may I know the email address used in making this purchase? Okay, is this a personal email or a business email? Okay, understood. Next, just me. I know the type of card or mode of payment used in placing the order. Sorry, can you please verify the type of card or mode of payment used in placing the order? Okay, and lastly, can you please verify the card message that has? Okay, that is correct. So, with that said, I appreciate you, Miss Risa, for verifying all this information. We just needed to make sure that any accounts or personal data weren't being used without your permission. So now, I can assist you with the. Changes that you wanted. May I ask, what would you like to change in the order? Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Okay, understood. So, may I ask for your recipient's correct name? I L A H. Okay, Isla P. Grant. And just to make sure that I also have the correct delivery address, it's two one one six four. Oh, okay, understood. Oh, this is the wrong phone number. Okay. Just to make sure that I understand, it's five zero two, five five three, six two nine seven. That's the correct one. All right. Well, no worries. Okay, I have also updated the phone number now. Okay, allow me to check here to see if any updates or changes needs to be done. Four zero two one zero five zero two five five three six two nine seven. And it's going to Isla P. Grant. All right. So the changes have been done in the order, and since you have verified the information, I mean the order with me now, we'll be proceeding with the delivery on the fifth, as requested. And once the delivery has been completed, a delivery confirmation will be forwarded to your email address. So, aside from this mess, is there anything else that I can further assist you with? You're very welcome. Thank you so much for verifying your order with FTD, and have a wonderful evening. You're welcome. Bye for now.
