Tell you how that will work. We have a dedicated group of agents that deals specific with launch clients, and they will be better equipped than me to help you out setting your account. Yeah. So what I'm going to do right now is I'm going to put you on a quick hold, get one of those agents ready to help you, and then get back to introduce you. Right. And then there's no agent. Can I ask you? Sorry, can I ask you a question before you do that? Of course, we are we are self-funded, so we are not a big startup just yet, right? And there's no way to set this up online, right? Somebody, some agent has to help me do that, correct? No, actually, there you can set up your launch account online. It is possible. Yeah. But yeah, it is possible, but maybe our the other agent will. Be able to better guide you, but you will not need his direct help, right? You can do it on your own, right? Okay, got it. Okay. And is there support? So also, yeah, go ahead. Once we set it up, if there's questions about cap table management, etc., is there a charge for? You know, I'm just trying to find out as much information because my co-founder asked asked me, why why would we do this? You know, we have to move every. Thing over, etc., and I'm trying to convince him that it's a good thing to move to Carta because not not because of today, but in the future, I think we would benefit if we were on the Carta platform compared to what we have right now. Got it. Yes, but so we do have support for launch clients. We have support via email, and we also have a specific number. I can provide you with that number right. Now, but as I mentioned, I am able to transfer you internally. So today, I can I can direct you to one of those agents. But in the future, after you set up your launch account, there is a a specific number you can call in case you have questions and you need help with the platform. Right? Got it. Okay, sounds good. Okay, go ahead and feel free to transfer me. Yeah, thank you. If you would like me to to provide you with that number so that you can take notes right now, would you like me? Yeah, please go ahead. Yeah, it's six five zero eight two two one three nine one. Eight two two one three nine one. That's right, and the area code is six five zero. Six five zero eight two two one three nine one. That's perfect. Uh huh. So in the future, you might you might want to call. This number directly, okay? But right now, let me get you to a dedicated agent, right? Just a minute. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Sure. Hey Juan. Hey, how's it going? Fine. What about you? Doing good. What do you got for me? So, actually, this this individual who called, he still doesn't have a Carter account. He mentioned he would like to register. He has a very small startup. He would like to. He's interested in the launch product, and he has general questions regarding regarding the premium. Its features and also how to set it up. Okay, send them on through. Yeah, thank you. Hey there. Hi there. Hi, thank you so much for holding. I have Juan here, and he's gonna be able to help you out, right? Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Juan. Bye bye. Oh, good. Thanks, Gina. Hey, how's it going? Hey, pretty good, man. How you doing? Pretty good. So, looks like you just had some questions about the launch program. Yeah, I mean, also beyond the launch program. So, yeah, I went online. I'm just looking at it. So, I can. Looks like I can get started for free. And then, let's see. So, what is the pricing? I'm just curious. I should have maybe asked this.
