Hello, Miss Emily Cotterway. How can I help you today? Okay, I'm looking to book for you today. Yes, sure. One moment, please. I got the order right here. Tell me, what can I do for you today? Oh, I understand. Well, I'm so sorry to hear that it is well that you are not able to have this order ready at the requested time. But it will be more than glad to check if it's possible to push the event time for later, Alexander. Give me just a second. Give me just a second. Okay. Just to confirm, Alexander, you are calling on the side of the cut. Am I right? You are calling, um, besides of the customer. I mean, okay, okay. So give me just a second. Okay, so instead of being nine forty-five a.m., you would like to get the order at eight thirty a.m. or earlier than that. Okay, no worries. I will be more than glad to reach the care partner for you and see if they are able to accommodate your request. Just let me know. Sure, just let me know if you would like to hold, or if you would like to wait a callback, an SMS, or an email once we get a resolution from the care partner. Oh yes, it is the phone number three one zero seven seven four six nine four seven, right? Uh huh. I got it right here. Okay, so once we get a resolution from the caterer, we are going to let you know via call, but let me know if besides that. Uh huh. My pleasure.  Hello. This is Marcel from Executor in the recorder line. I'm just calling regarding for an executor order. Oh no, I'm just calling regarding for an executor order that is already placed. Yes, but. Before to continue, may I know your name only for my notes, please? Oh, nice. Nice to meet you, Dilda. Um, give me just a second. Okay, I got the order right here. The order is supposed to be for tomorrow at 9:45 a.m. But the customer is requesting to check if it's possible to change the event time for an. Earlier time at eight thirty a.m. Okay, sure, no problem. Oh, yes, sure. I can give you the order number if you need it, also. It is one eight zero zero. No, one eight zero zero four eight eight one eight zero three. Easy Cater. Uh huh. Um, and also yes, Marcella, and also the order number it is P.S. and Peter. Okay, got it. Well, thank you very much for that. We are going to wait your call. Okay, thank you very much. Bye bye. Take care.
