Hi, Nancy. To Peggy, please. Hi, Peggy. This is Lori, and I'm with Sharecare, and I'm calling on behalf of the Healthnet Wellness Program through your Healthnet benefits. How are you doing today? Well, I'm giving you a call to just kind of go over the program with you. This is something that you already have benefit, or you already have included in your benefits, so there's no out. Pocket cost to you, and the program it is the HealthNet Wellness, and it does. It is sponsored by the HealthNet Insurance, and then you also you have access to a group of our coaches that can help you with things like stress management, any type of exercise and nutrition plans. They can also help you with weight management and tobacco cessation. It is a wellness program, and I'm calling you just to get you set up on it real quick. And I do need to verify just a little bit of information. And also, please be advised that this call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Have you ever taken part in any of the wellness programs before? Are you familiar with how they work? Okay, so it is something that's already included in your benefits. So what I could do is I can send you out a link. To the number that we're speaking on, and then you can kind of look at the program, see what you think, and then I can also put your calls on hold for, like, until the middle of February, and then we can touch base then. No, no, I can put your calls on hold for thirty days, but because it is involved, because we're partners with your insurance company, so it is something that we have to abide by. So I have to go through all that regulations with you in order to, like, put your calls on hold for more than 30 days. But I mean, you can call in. That's not a problem. If you look at the app and you decide that it's not something you don't that you don't want to participate in, then just call back in and let us know. But hopefully, once you see the app and download it and everything, just give us a call and we'll get you registered for the program and get your appointment made. Okay. Thank you. You have a good day. Bye bye.
