Thank you for calling Frontier Benefits Service Center. This is Anita Ross speaking. Who am I speaking with on today? I'm doing awesome. How are you doing today? Pretty good. Okay, I do have your information. You say, "Mhm." Okay, let's see if I have any updated information in our benefits system. Hold on, just a moment, and I can take a look at it. Give me one moment, and let's see if they entered any updates in the system. And congratulations! On your retirement, have you already retired, or you're headed that way? Oh yeah, sounds good, sounds good. How many years have you worked? Now that's the question. Oh wow, see, that's honorable. That's great. See, that's amazing. Time flies when you're having fun. Well, I actually haven't been on that long. Just started last year. So this is um, it's from my second career. So after. Tired from one job already, so this is a second career here. It's been been pretty nice. Mm-hmm. It's been pretty nice. So, what I do see in here is they definitely still have you active short-term disability, so you will definitely not see anything that will um nothing will be sent to you as of yet because they're still showing you active. Short-term disability. They don't even have you entered in as retired yet, of course. But let's see here. I can definitely get you the number for Milliman, and just so you can ask them some questions, some general questions on like a time frame. Let's see. Mhm. Okay. Oh my gosh! Okay, goodness! Oh my gosh! They give you like one big lump sum, or what are they doing? What? Hmm. Okay, so let me see if I can find a number for your HR department. It may be in. Hold on, let me see. Employees will need to reach out to their local HR department. Okay, so it's not giving me a direct number, but if you want, I can connect you with. I have an extension for like the payroll department. I can get you there. Other than that, they're just recommending that you reach out to your local HR department. It's not a number attached to it. So let me check out one more resource. Give me one moment. Let me go through some other contacts here. So, I'm wondering since you were on the short-term disability, have you spoken with Prudential? I have. And they just saying go back to the HR. Okay, I'm so sorry. Okay, hmm. Yeah. Uh huh. I know, I know, I know. So they're forcing you out at this moment. Like, wait a minute, what's going on here? So let's see. Let me get you over. Yeah, I don't. I hate that you're going through that. So let me get get you over to the payroll department, and maybe they can link you in with your HR department. So give me one moment. Is there anything else I can assist you with? All right. That's. No problem. No problem at all. And again, congratulations on your upcoming retirement. And thank you for calling Frontier Benefit Service Center. And I will have you transferred over. You're welcome. You do the same. Thank you so much. I do appreciate that. Thank you, Frontier's HR cable service. We want to ensure you're well informed, so please listen carefully as your menu options have been updated. If you would like to contact Frontier Communications, the billing engagement center, please hang up the dial. Eight eight eight eight seven four three two nine three. Once again, that number is eight eight eight eight seven four three two nine three. Our dedicated staff is available from 8:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Tia, Tia, please. If you are calling to ask about a complaint, please use the four or one K. For questions about a billing, please call three. For questions about the status of your utility bill, please call one. For our FAQ and verification, please call nine. To keep these many lines, please turn your identification number. If you have questions, if you have questions regarding the hours on the homepage or time entry, press one for payroll questions. Press two for all other HR inquiries. Thank you for calling. Our office is now closed. Our normal operating hours are Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. until 3 p.m. Central Time. We would like to leave us a voicemail message, please press one. Otherwise, please call us back on the next day. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for calling Frontier Communications. Thank you for holding, sir. Give me one moment. I'm gonna call the number one more time. It definitely said the payroll department was closed, but it will allow you to leave a voice message. Okay? Is that okay? Okay. No problem. Hold on, just a moment. If you would like to contact one of our communications employees, please may not the dial eight eight eight eight seven four three two nine three, or together the number eight eight eight eight seven four three two nine three. Our dedicated staff is there for you. If you are a general or VIP, please contact formally. If you are calling in the case of an emergency, please call nine one one. Thank you for calling. Acheve HR and Payroll Center. We want to ensure you have all the forms completed and carefully updated. If you would like to contact us for communication, Please hang up the dial. Eight eight eight eight seven four three two nine three. Once again, that number. Eight eight eight eight seven four three two nine three. Our dedicated staff is available from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time. Registered in New York, Pennsylvania, and Florida. You're calling a special about a million-dollar change. Here for a one-day fee. Questions about that at a moment. Three two three. Questions about that. Eighty-six, nine, eight, five, four. For Apple Factory with verification, eight, five, nine, two, eight, eight, five, nine. Please press zero. If you have questions regarding the hours on your payment or time entry, press one. For additional questions, press two. For all other inquiries, press three.
