Nicholas Frederickson, how are you doing today? Oh, pretty good, pretty good. I'm trying to retire. Yeah, perfect, perfect. I was trying to retire, and I thought Milliman would set my date, and they just told me just now that I needed to call HR to do it. Oh, cool. I'm up on this building right now. I had back surgery, but kind of sitting around and doing housework is kind of nice. I'm gonna stick around and do this. Twenty-five. Yeah, when I started, I was like, I'd never had a job more about six months. I'm like, get bored and move on. I got 25 years. I'm thinking, man. Then, how long you been here? Wow. Oh, that's awesome! For sure. Yeah, I asked them, and they just said my commencement date's March first, so they just said any day before that. But they said it's a college chart, but and that's the the retirement part of it. Part other disability is part of that is because I'm going on. I think my fourth payday, but hadn't even gotten a check. Yeah, when I when I went off on when I went off got my surgery, I went. I think five paydays with no check, and then it was good for a month and a half, and then now they've back to just zeros. I'm like, man, no. Haven't got any. Haven't got anything yet. But yeah, this is. Yeah. So. Ah. I have, and yeah, the deal. Yeah, yeah, they're just our, they're just our insurance, and and that's the deal. They wanted to put me on long term, but I'm still eligible for short term, and that's all hosed up now. So that's. Part of the reason I'm not getting checks. I'm like, just, just let me out of here. Just let me go. Yeah, had enough. No, that is it, and I sure thank you for your help. All right. Well, thank you. Have a great weekend. Man. Thank you for calling Frontier's HR and Payroll Service Center. We want to ensure you're well informed, so please listen carefully as our menu options have been updated. If you would like to contact the Frontier Communications Employee Engagement Center, please hang up and dial eight eight eight eight seven four three two nine three. Once again, that number is eight eight eight eight seven four three two nine three. Our dedicated staff is available from eight thirty a.m. to eight thirty p.m. Eastern Time. Ready to assist you. If you are a pensioner or retiree, please press one. If you are calling with a question about enrolling or making changes to your 401(k), please press two. For questions on benefit enrollments, please press three. For questions about the status of your disability claim, please press four. For Equifax employment verifications, please press nine. To repeat these menu options, please press zero and then follow the prompts. If you have questions regarding the hours on your paycheck or time entry, press one. For payroll questions, press two. For all other HR inquiries, thank you for calling. Our office is now closed. Our normal operating hours are Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. until 3 p.m. Eastern Time. If you would like to leave us a voicemail message, please press one. Otherwise, please call us back on the next business day. Thank you. Thank you for calling Frontier Communications. All right, all right. Well, thank you. Thank you for calling Frontier's HR and Payroll Service Center. We want to ensure you're well informed, so please listen carefully as. Our menu options have been updated. If you would like to contact the Frontier Communications Employee Engagement Center, please hang up and dial 888-874-3293. Once again, that number is 888-874-3293. Our dedicated staff is available from 8:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. Eastern Time, ready to assist you. If you are a pensioner or retiree, please press one. If you are calling with a question about enrolling or making changes to your 401(k), Please press two for questions on benefit enrollments. Please press three for questions about the status of your disability claim. Please press four for Equifax employment verifications. Please press nine to repeat these menu options. Please press zero and then follow the prompts. Thank you for calling Frontier's HR and Payroll Service Center. We want to ensure you're well informed, so please listen carefully as our menu options have been updated. If you would like to contact the Frontier Communications Employee Engagement. Please hang up and dial 888-874-3293. Once again, that number is 888-874-3293. Our dedicated staff is available from 8:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. Eastern Time, ready to assist you. If you are a pensioner or retiree, please press one. If you are calling with a question about enrolling or making changes to your 401(k), please press two. For questions on benefit enrollments, please press three. For questions about the status. Of your disability claim, please press four. For Equifax employment verifications, please press nine. To repeat these menu options, please press zero. And then, if you have questions regarding the hours on your paycheck or time entry, press one. For payroll questions, press two. For all other HR
