Finance. Okay. Yeah, this might take a second, but I go online and then I, I, click security. I go and then. And I can take off the two-factor authentication. Correct. Yes, you'll just have to click on your name at the top right, and there's a button that says security, and then you can update the two-factor there. Okay, gotcha. I think my might be a while, but okay. I'm glad it works. I have more backup codes in case, but. Yeah, as long as you have those, they're okay. Yeah, and then now that I have left my, my, my the startup, how soon can I buy these options? You know, or how how long do I have? Usually, it's ninety days after you leave a company, so you can see that on your profile once you're able to. Or you might be able to even see that now if you're on the app. I see. So if I go home, okay, expires in 23 days. Okay, yeah. So I would recommend exercising before that expiration. That way, you don't run into any trouble. Right. Okay. And it says here that the vesting has stopped. Can you? Does that mean that I can't get any more options? I guess. Correct. Yeah. Once you leave a private company, they usually stop the vesting. Ah. So you would just keep what you earned during the time that you were there. Yeah, that's what I thought, but wanted to make sure. Okay, well, that's good to know. Yeah, that's really good to know, because I wasn't going to get a lot more. I think at the end of the year, I didn't have that many to begin with, but of course, happy to have them. Yeah, definitely. So, okay. And then, yeah, I think there's videos that I should rewatch. Obviously, but cool. I wonder if I can log in. I don't know what my card to log in. Is there a way I can see my my passwords? Um, your username should be your Gmail, and then your password. I'm not sure what that would be. Um, if you don't remember it, you can always. Click. Forgot password. Oh yeah, and then it would. Would I have to do the whole, the whole thing again? No, just the password. You'll have the same authentication codes that will work. Okay, gotcha. Um. Oh, I think I. I found it. Go. Yeah, I got it. Okay, want to do the code thing again? Sure. Just a sec. Oh yeah. Character code I R O two M B G. I have to enter a new backup code. X seven CF seven zero O O four M. Okay, he told me to use my profile. Okay, and I'm here for any questions as well. Yeah, I just wanted to have you on the phone as they take off the two-factor authentication. So I went to my profile of security. That's where you want me to go. Yes. Right, and then I go to. It should say updates to FA.
