Your carta account. Okay, so I have to go online. Yeah. Is what you're saying. Okay, let me just try it then. Okay. Okay. Let's try not to use the computer. I'm gonna do it. What were the text messages you were receiving? It was something about carta, and then a pin or something. Okay. They were telling me to erase it, so I think they were trying to access it somehow. Okay, maybe when you're getting logged in, maybe we could just go ahead and reset your password. Yeah, I'd like to do that. Card out. Okay, so if I go into Cardin, sign in. Let's see. Okay, I'll sign in. Login. So then, just code two, five, eight, six. Continue. Okay. Hmm. Continue. I don't want to say trust this device for 15 days, do I? Yeah, you could maybe pass on that for now. Yeah, it's not working. Your code? You have entered an invalid password. A password, okay, and that was my password. Enter the code. Four eight five. Let me just double check it. Five six. I'm going to try it again. Let me try. Taking a long time. It's like starting to log in. Um. Okay, we are experiencing slowness with the website right now, so that could be part of the problem. Okay. Um. What's the email address on your account? Sure, LloydHandworker at Gmail dot com. Okay. Yeah, it's not loading. I put the second digit ten in. Yeah, it's not loading for me either. So we've been having slowness with the with the website today, and then every once in a while, it's like not. Working at all, so if I've been experiencing it not working, usually like a minute or two later, it'll work again. Right. Yeah our our engineers are on it, but they haven't fixed it yet. Right. Aren't you? Carter is the in-between company that's involved in the in private investing, right? I'm trying to remember your function in this in the in the chain, the link, you know, between Alto RA and these these two companies that I invested in. I know I have a Carter account, and it lists you know my investments. Okay, yeah. So Carter is a cap table management platform, so. Private companies use us to manage their cap table. Right. Did you like invest in a fund or actual, just straight into companies? Well, it was through First Principles Group, but it was into companies. One is SpaceX. One is Redwood Materials. Okay. Those are the two. Those are the two companies, but it was through First Principles Group. They were the ones putting together the investment. It's not loaded. Yeah. I just want to make sure there there was no way to, you know, that someone because I was getting these strange texts. Yeah, that's definitely weird. I am I am happy to give the platform a minute to come back if you are. Yeah, I'm going to try logging in again. Okay. Honestly, I would, I would just not for a second. It's not going to work right now. Okay.
