Hi, Paula. Hi, this is Rose. I'm calling you back from the Rollins Benefit Service Center. I want to let you know. Hey, I want to let you know that for your protection, my documentation, what on my call is being recorded. But I have reviewed the call from where you and I talked, and you and I went over everything, and you did confirm. I summarized the elections, and you asked me again, was your. Spouse enrolled in the elite course for employee only for $100, and I said yes. Now I've got my manager listening to the call again because it's like an hour call, so I want someone else to hear this as well, okay? And not just me, but I wanted to let you know what I heard on the call. Yes, ma'am. You did. When we talked about copays, when when we talked about copays, you talked about the copays with your prescription. That is when we, when you and I went over over all of our copays. And again, I want my manager to hear this as well. Okay, they're here. They're going to listen to the same call. It is recorded, and I'm going to ask that you give me it Tuesday because. Will close on Monday, but my supervisor, my immediate manager, she's reviewing the call as well to make sure that I am correct in what I'm saying, and that you and I that there's you know that there is no issue. But either way it go, we are listening, and what happens on the call, we can submit the call on. We can submit on and say that you all are asking to make that change. Then we can do that. I can request that, but I want someone else to. Hear the call besides myself. Uh huh. Uh huh. No, no, no, no, no. That's not it. That's not it. I can submit the case up as an escalation, as an urgent request for it to be changed based on the misunderstanding and the fact that you're having with the medical conditions. I can do that. I will once my manager listens, and when she tells me if she heard the same thing I heard, then I will do that. I'll walk that case up for you and request. For an escalation to be done. Okay. Okay. No problem at all. Yes, ma'am. I just like. I said I deal with the, you know, diabetes directly myself. Seriously, I mean, personally, on the, so I know exactly with my eyes, with my health, my heart, all of that. Literally, right now, between the last month since October, yes, September, October, and November, there's been three different eye surgeries. So I know what he's going through. So I will definitely make sure that once my manager listens to the call, I will follow up with. And if she says that she heard, and there was a misunderstanding, then I'll walk it on to make it to get it as an escalation and and get the changes made. Okay. Either way, yes, ma'am. Either way, I'll still submit it up as an escalation. Now, if it is on my side, then I won't have to submit an escalation. I can change it, and we can you can go through and make a change. But if it's if I explained correctly and you agreed on your, then I don't have to submit it. But either way, it goes, we will submit up until we can get an escalation to get what the plan that you need. Uh, it would be upload or mailed, and I don't let me let me. Can see if they're still, if it's still open. Okay, let me check. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. All right. Let me go ahead. Let me get you. Let me check and see if it's still pending for you to submit. If not, then I'll I'll get you an email to send it. Give me one second. Yeah, I definitely want someone else to hear this call. You know, I don't want to just be. You know, just based on what I said, but I definitely want to want someone else to listen to it. Okay, yeah, you can still log in and you can submit. You can upload that document. Okay, all right, I'll give you a call on the twenty first. Okay, you have a good weekend. Okay, you too, especially with the cold weather coming. All right, Don. You take care. Bye bye.
