Gotcha. I've I've never heard of that happening, but let's let's get you over. And just so I know, when because I'm going to ask them right now, and I get you over to them. Do you know what reason that that might change the QSB status? The reason? Yeah. What? Because let's see here. I'm on. You said GMA. Soft ink, right? Correct. The preferred stock that they're holding, and the other question was the common that they're holding that doesn't have status listed in there. Okay. I wonder what is the. So, it says that it must be held until October twelfth. Is that when they want to wait for the transfer? Yes, this is what they they are considering to transfer from. Basically, GMA Softs all stocks they want transfer to their individual names. But the question is, if they lose the QFS, then then they won't. Okay, and are they waiting until October twelfth for the transfer? They do they want to do it before then? Um, if so, the okay. This brings me to another question: if they do it before twelve. Then will they lose the status upon transfer? Yeah, yeah, because it it says must be held until October twelfth, twenty twenty three. So by this specific company, so is GM stock? Yeah, well, I I don't know because in because on the transfer, you are able to mark if it's to an affiliated entity. I I. I think it will, but let's let's ask the four hundred and eighteen. There, they can give us a better answer. Give me give me a minute. I'll get them on the phone. Okay. Okay. Yeah, sorry, sorry. I don't know specifically, but I want to make sure we get you the right the right call. So. Yeah, I I I mean, appreciated. Gotcha, gotcha. 哎，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我，我我我   嗯。
