Thank you for calling. This is Charles on the recorded line. How can I help you? Yeah, absolutely. I can help you with that. Is this is it, Kearney? Kearney. Perfect. Sorry for mispronouncing your name there, Carney. Okay, let's see here. I do see that order coming up on Thursday. What are the changes you were looking to make? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yep. Okay. I can absolutely make that change. I've actually already gotten there and made it there for you. I. I do just want to give you this info, so in the future you are able to place it for takeout. We just changed the order screen, and you are not the first customer to reach out saying that you didn't see the option in the very top left, underneath where it has the Easy Cater logo, or you know, just the very top left of the screen. On delivery address, if you click that that dropdown, it'll basically have you select delivery or takeout right in there. It's it's not. Entirely intuitive, and I do apologize that I was, you know, giving you trouble there. Yep. Gotcha. Okay. Perfect. Okay, I just changed it to have no tableware as well, and it's for pickup. Now for you, and they should have it as as soon as you're there. It'll be packed just like it was a delivery, the same way whether you're picking it up or not, or whether or not the delivery driver is coming. So they will have this travel ready for you. Yep, absolutely. Yeah. Gotcha. Yep. Absolutely. They are right on there. I can. It'll be an additional twenty dollars. Is that okay? Okay. Yep, two shaving dishes, and also because I changed this to to take out, you're not going to be paying the delivery fee either. So it'll actually be a little cheaper for you. Absolutely. Yeah, that's. I mean, who doesn't? Right. Yep. Correct. So, so when I take or change this to takeout, it takes that delivery fee off, and then I just added that those two disposable shaving discs at ten a piece. So, in total, after these changes, you're actually you're paying ten dollars less. Does that make sense? Perfect. Yep, it actually hasn't even pulled it from your card. The only charge you may have seen up to this point is an authorization. I actually don't even believe it should have done that yet. But when you are, when the payment is applied, it will be, you know, minus that $10 that that would have been there for the delivery fee. Yeah. Absolutely, I can read you the read you the address whenever you're ready. It's nine Third Street, Third Street N or North Jacksonville Beach, Florida. Yes, absolutely. Yep, one hundred percent. It should be okay. Yep, I see that there. I do. Yep, that gluten-free package. The the one individually packaged penne post postitano with chicken, it's the the gluten-free option. Yep. Excellent. Of course. Yeah. Of course. Yep. My first name is Charles, and I'm with Easy Cater. Of course, yeah, totally. You as well, Carney. Thank you so much. We'll talk to you later. Of course. Bye bye.
