Jennifer, on the corporate line. Okay, may I confirm this is Holly? Okay, and is this going to be your order with nothing but cakes? Okay, I show this order was scheduled to be delivered at twelve thirty. Um. So you just you're just saying that you don't have it. Okay, I'm gonna go ahead and reach out to the delivery driver. Do you prefer to wait on hold, or do you prefer to? Okay, thank you. One moment. Hi there, are you still with me? Okay, it looks like the driver submitted. Delivery photo. It appears that it might be in some sort of like break room, or it's on a white marble countertop. Yeah, it looks like there's like. It doesn't say. I can send you the photo as well. It looks like it looks. Yeah, it looks like there's just like a bunch of white, either cabinets in the background. Um, so I'm gonna go ahead and send you the photo. While I do that, I'm just gonna um try and reach the caterer to see if they have an idea of where the driver may have left this. Hi there. Are you still with me? Okay, I did go ahead and send the photo to your email address. I'm so sorry about the wait. I was trying to get further instructions. I'm sorry. I was trying to get further clarification from the delivery driver if he delivered it to a specific suite, but he did not answer. So I'm just gonna try to follow up with the caterer. I did go ahead and, if you want to check your email, send you that photo. Maybe that will provide some a little bit more clarity as to like what it's gonna come from at evening. Yeah, I sent it to the one associated with your account. Let me confirm. Oh, okay. So there's like white. Yeah, it looks like it's like a white. It's not very like you can't. There's also like a keyboard in the background. It's hard to tell. Oh no! I was just saying the background on the picture it may be a little bit hard to determine, like exactly where. I can try the driver again. Okay, let me go ahead and. Try again, and I'll be right back. Okay, thank you. Hi, this is Jennifer calling from Easy Cater on the recorded line. Is this William? Hi, William. I was just calling. It looks like you delivered an order a little while ago to 887 West Marietta Street, and you submitted a photo. Do you happen? To know where you left the food, like what was the room? Yes, the cake. Okay, you were instructed to return it. Okay. Okay, I'm gonna let the customer know. Thank you. Okay, thank you. Hi there, I'm so sorry about all of the back and forth. Are you still with me? Okay, so it looks like the delivery driver. I did just get in touch with him, and he said that when he tried. To make the delivery, you guys were unresponsive, and he was instructed to return the the cakes back to the store. So, it sounds like there was a bunch of miscommunication going on here. He said he waited downstairs, no one answered the phone, and he was instructed to return it back. Would somebody, by chance, be able to pick it up? Yeah, because essentially the policy is that if we're unable to reach you, we have the driver wait for a while, and he's basically saying that he waited, no one was responsive, and so he took it back to the store. He took it back to the restaurant. Yeah, let me get the number. Actually, do have their phone number, so let me know when you're ready. The phone number is six seven eight eight three three five five zero. So we wouldn't be able to assign a new driver because it was essentially done through a third-party company. The only thing that we can do is reach out to the caterer to see if they'll be willing to deliver it, or if you guys can send someone out to get it. Okay, I do apologize for that. Thank you.
