Thank you for calling Easy Cater. This is Stefan on a recorded line. How can I help you? Sorry about that, Stefan. Yep. Yeah, I can definitely help you with that. May I speak with Alex? And which order is this for? Do you have the order number, by any chance? J54. Last Friday, okay. Thank you for that. Let me take a look at that real quick for you. J54. Let's see. J54. Yep. All right. How can I help you with the tour? Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh. Yeah, seven forty-five. And what time on your end you delivered it? Right, right. Gotcha. Gotcha. So I do. Yeah, I do apologize for that. So just for future reference, you always go by the event date because I believe December forty five should show delivery time. On your end, does that say it says customer requested delivery time seven forty five? Oh, yeah. So we should always. Gotcha. No, that's very reasonable. I would have thought the same thing as well. And of course, sometimes, you know, most of the time, being early is better than being late. So, unfortunately, we always have to go by the delivery time, which is 7:45. I do apologize that it might be a little confusing. I will definitely relay the message to our team because we do like to receive feedbacks and see what we can do better. You can actually dispute that review if you would like. You still have the power to do so, and then one of our team members will definitely. Take a look at it. It looks like, if I'm looking at your account, so I could definitely try to check for you. Let me just see, because you guys don't really have a lot of issues in this store. I'm looking at it. See if there's other issues. So. Right, for sure, for sure. Let me see. Let me see if that one definitely took an effect. It really shouldn't. Was it just a warning that you received, or was it a confirmation that? Uh huh. No, ninety-seven. Yeah. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right, right. Let me check. Delivery issue was reported. It's weird because you got a five star for this order, but you have an issue. Um. So this is actually might be the only issue, actually, why I dropped down. Because oh, okay, I do see another one on March 20th, four stars. Yeah, you could definitely dispute it. I would recommend for you to dispute it. I'll put the notes in. That it can get very confusing. I mean, it might. I don't want to guarantee you that they might change it to a 98%, but. From the looks of it, from your account, it you're doing great anyway, so we're not really gonna penalize it way too much. But I don't think it will be an issue as well if you dispute it. So that would be the only thing that I would recommend right now, because the five star, I believe one of our agents will probably look at it and see the five star, because you said it was. Yeah, there should be. Yeah, so you should be able to dispute it if you would like to dispute any of this issue. And then, if you go to that order itself, you see the issue reported, and then there should be a section which says, "If you would like to dispute any of these issues, contact us," and then a form you would have to fill out before. And then let them know what your situation is. I do recommend you to just give very detailed. Yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah. If you have any other questions, let us know, and then we'll we'll take care of you from there. Okay. You're welcome. Have a great day. Bye. Bye.
