Hello, my name is Irene. Hello, my name is Holly, and I'm a Sharecare Engagement Specialist calling on behalf of the Healthnet Wellness Program. How are you? I'm doing good. Thank you so much for asking, and I'm glad to hear you're doing well, Irene. That's wonderful. Absolutely. And the reason for my call today was that we just wanted to remind you about the access that you have. Through that HealthNet wellness program, of course, at no cost to you, to an online experience as well as over the phone personal health coaching to help support your overall health. Absolutely. Have you, by chance, ever heard of our program before? Right, but not in a first-hand perspective, of course. Absolutely. Well, I can provide a bit more information, not to worry, Irene. Some of those different areas, of course, that your coach would be able to help you focus on would be weight management, as well as exercise, nutrition, helping you to manage stress, or even quitting tobacco products, to name a few, for you. And your coach would reach out to you by phone, kind of like I'm doing today, once a month. And on average, those calls last about 15 minutes. And this would be your very own personal coach that would be able to help focus on you and your health and well-being. And I would love to get you scheduled with your first call so that you can experience the benefit firsthand, of course. And I must share with you, Irina, our call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Thank you as well. And so that I can open up your chart here and get you scheduled, would you please confirm your name, mailing address, and date of birth to remain HIPAA compliant? Of course. And if yes, the same eight five five four three zero five two seven two number we called you on. And I noticed. Here, Irene, that you're not yet registered with us. With your permission, I could text you over a link to download our ShareCare mobile app and get registered as well. Certainly, I'll send that over to the same number that we called you on today. And definitely, if you need anything, give us a call. Thank you so much for your time. I hope you have a great day. Thank you. Bye bye.
