Thank you for calling Benefit Service Center. This is Ryan speaking. Who am I speaking to today? For security purposes, can you state your first and last name on the account, please? Thank you, Rashma. Okay, so your user ID. Is your work email yetti.sharma2 at montree.com? It is. It is going to be all all capitalized. The entire thing is capitalized. And then, yes, I'm gonna say try try and see if it'll if it'll tell you to update your password. Because it says your password has expired. Okay, so I'm gonna send you an email so you can change your password. I'm gonna send to your work email, or I have a Gmail I can send it to. Okay, so that user ID is not the same as your new work email. I know they changed recently. It's just yukti.sharma2@mindtree.com, not at LTI Mindtree. So your. Your benefits website is completely different from anything that you have internally, like any internal system. So it doesn't update. So this user ID is just what you're going to use to log in. It doesn't like it won't it won't change when your email changes with the company. Now your email will change within our system, um, correctly, but your user ID is still going to stay the same as how it was when you originally signed up. Yes, you can. Yeah, so the ID cards come directly from the carrier. Um, I can give you their information and transfer you to them. The ID card. What's your What's your home address? Tell me what your full home address is. I'm sorry, Miss Sharma. It was breaking up at the beginning of that. Say that. Say that. That address one more time. No, that's not what we have. On file, I have for you. It's one five five two two Northeast Twenty Second Place, Unit Two Seventy. Bellevue, Washington, nine a zero zero seven. Uh huh. So you. First, need to you you updated it within Ultima, and says you need says you need to update it. You need to update it in Ultima, and update it with the HRSS America's team. Uh huh. All right, tell me what the what the address is supposed to be. Wait, wait. Okay, so two zero two three one five. So two two zero two three one hundred and fifty fifth. Place and eat. P L M E. Okay, so one hundred fifty-fifth place, northeast. Okay. Okay. Okay. So two zero two three one hundred and fifty fifth place, northeast. Apartment five ten, Bellevue, Washington nine eight zero zero seven. Okay. So yes, I will create a case for you to see if we can get updated on our side, and then I will give you a call back when it's completed. Can you give me a good contact number for you? Okay, and I will get that updated for you. And I'll give you a callback on Tuesday next week. Of course. Did you have any more questions? Anything else I can help you out with today? All right. Well, I'll be speaking to you soon. You have a good weekend. Thanks for calling the benefits, Iverson. Thank you.
