Thank you for calling McAllister's. To place a takeout order, please press one. To place a catering order, please press two. For all other inquiries, please press three.   Macallisters in Oxford. Oh, for a second. Please hold. We're handcrafting some delicious favorites, but we'll be with you in a second. Thanks for holding. This season at McAllister's, try our latest limited-time offerings, including the big and bold turkey dip, hearty Cajun red beans and rice, and a decadent fan favorite Cadavid chocolate cheesecake. These flavorful menu offerings won't last long. Try them today at your. Hello. Yes, ma'am. They're working on their order now. They're. Finishing the order up now. She's sending the inside, and they, they, they, they just finished the order, ma'am. Yes, she supposed to pick the order up. She supposed to pick. Never mind. Yes, ma'am. Uh, I'm I'm not the supervisor, so. I'm gonna let him come to the phone and talk to you. Please hold. We're handcrafting some delicious favorites, but we'll be with you in a second. Thanks for holding. This season at McAllister's, try our latest limited-time offerings, including the big and bold turkey dip, hearty Cajun red beans and rice, and a decadent fan favorite Cadavid chocolate cheesecake. These flavorful menu offerings won't last long. Try them today. At your local McAllister's. Please hold. We're handcrafting some delicious favorites, but we'll be with you in a second. Thanks for holding. This season at McAllister's, try our latest limited-time offerings, including the big and bold turkey dip, hearty Cajun red beans and rice, and a decadent fan favorite Cadaver chocolate cheesecake. These flavorful menu offerings won't last. Try them today at your local McAllister's. Please hold. We're handcrafting some delicious favorites, but we'll be with you in a second. Thanks for holding. This season at McAllister's, try our latest limited-time offerings, including the big and bold turkey dip, hearty Cajun red beans and rice, and a decadent fan favorite Godiva chocolate cheesecake. These. Flavorful menu offerings won't last long. Try them today at your local McAllister's. Please hold. We're handcrafting some delicious favorites, but we'll be with you in a second. Thanks for holding. This season at McAllister's, try our latest limited-time offerings, including the big and bold turkey dip, hearty Cajun red beans and rice, and a decadent fan favorite. Godiva chocolate cheesecake. These flavorful menu offerings won't last long. Try them today at your local McAllister's. Please hold. We're handcrafting some delicious favorites, but we'll be with you in a second. Thanks for holding. This season at McAllister's, try our latest limited-time offerings, including the big and bold turkey dip, hearty Cajun red beans and rice. And a decadent fan favorite, Godiva chocolate cheesecake. These flavorful menu offerings won't last long. Try them today at your local McAllister's. Please hold. We're handcrafting some delicious favorites, but we'll be with you in a second. Thanks for holding. This season at McAllister's, try our latest limited time offerings, including the big and bold turkey dip. Hearty Cajun red beans and rice, and a decadent fan favorite Godiva chocolate cheesecake. These flavorful menu offerings won't last long. Try them today at your local McAllisters. Please hold. We're handcrafting some delicious favorites, but we'll be with you in a second. Thanks for holding. This season at McAllisters, try our latest limited-time offerings. Including the big and bold turkey dip, hearty Cajun red beans and rice, and a decadent fan favorite Godiva chocolate cheesecake, these flavorful menu offerings won't last long. Try them today at your local McAllisters. Please hold. We're handcrafting some delicious favorites, but we'll be with you in a second. Thanks for holding. This season at McAllisters. Try our latest limited-time offerings, including the big and bold turkey dip, hearty Cajun red beans and rice, and a decadent fan favorite Cadavid chocolate cheesecake. These flavorful menu offerings won't last long. Try them today at your local McAllister's.
