Thank you for calling EasyCaters. This is Louis on a record line. How can I assist you today? Okay, understandable. I'm sorry, a very valid situation with that, but I'm more than glad to. Assist you to check into that request for you. Am I speaking with Peachy? Okay. Thank you. Let me get some information pulled up over here for you in a moment. Just allow me. Uh. Okay. Let me take a look over here. Okay, I'm trying to get some information pulled up with the phone number you're calling. But I'm not getting any results. Do you happen to have like a phone number associated to your to the story you're calling from, so I can pull up the records? Okay, perfect. Let me get it pulled up over here. One moment, sentence. Okay, yeah, I do see here the order that was delivered to the neurological associate today, and it was scheduled to be delivered at 11:00 p.m. according to what I'm checking. Just allow me one moment. Yeah, I do see here. Yeah. To see here the discount of thirty dollars because of the order was late. Aha. 嗯哼，嗯哼，嗯哼，嗯哼。 Okay, understandable. Appreciate the clarification about it. I'm so sorry to hear about the situation. What this delivery that happened today? Okay, just to give you the heads up, as of right now, we only deduct the delivery fee, that is a $30 delivery fee. That's the only amount. That we have deducted from you guys, we haven't removed any tip on the order. The tip is still on the order. I see here a tip of 146.90. So don't worry about it. We haven't taken off any tip on the order. Okay. Yeah, that's correct. But just like, just that is just as a reminder when it comes about, like for well, for instance, yeah, because some customers they provide a tip here on the easy cater orders. So that's just a reminder that for you to not collect like any other tip. But if the customer is willing to provide any tip. Upon arrival, that that is up to the customer. But so right now, I I can I can guarantee you that the tip has not been take has not been taken off. So you don't have to worry about it. We have only deducted the thirty dollars, the delivery fee for the lightness, based on what happened. Yeah, don't worry about it. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't worry about it. And I'm I'm sorry that that notice that you. So on the on the order it caused some confusion, but don't worry about it. Tip has not been removed from the order. Only those thirty dollars. Okay, if you if you guys, yeah, if you guys are in agreement with that delivery fee, that's fantastic. Really appreciate it. Yeah, appreciate the clarification. Sorry to hear that that happened to the driver, but yeah, I appreciate for letting us know about it. Yeah, don't worry. Tape has not been removed at all, so yeah, yeah. Anything else? Anything else that I can do for you at the moment? Okay, bye bye now. Take care.
