Hi, may I speak to Courtney, please? Hi, Courtney. My name is Lori, and I'm with Sharecare, and I'm calling on behalf of the Be Well program through your SHBP benefits. How are you doing today? I'm doing good. Thank you for asking. I'm giving you a call to just go over your program with you, and. To remind you that as a member, we do that you do have access to the Be Well SHBP, and through the program, you do have access to a lot of different health topics, things that include helping you manage stress, losing weight, getting more active. And I'd like to take just a few moments of your time to go over those options with you, real quick. And also, this call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Courtney, have you ever taken part in the Be Well program? Are you familiar with it at all? Oh, good. Okay, let's get in there and see why you're popping up on my outbound call. Hold on. Have you registered for the coaching calls? Is that the only thing you've not done? Okay. Okay. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Okay. Well, let's get you all double signed up so you won't be getting phone calls all the time. Let me get you to verify your first and last name, your mailing address, and your birth date, real quick. Okay, and you're on Eastern Time. Okay, let's get you consented in. Now, because once I do all this, and your phone calls will stop. Have you already got your first coaching call set up? Okay, gotcha. When did you do all this? Like today or yesterday? Okay, I've got you enrolled, but there's not an appointment made. That's probably why. Okay, so we'll make you an appointment to make sure. Then that way, the two systems will know each other. Well, we'll marry the two systems here today. So hold on for me just a second. You don't have to, but what I would do, because I don't want to opt you out on this end, I'll go ahead and make you an appointment, and you can at least try one and see if you like it or not. And then if you don't, then you can opt on out of it. But I'm afraid if I opt you out of it. That then it'll opt you out of everything. Or, if you prefer, you can wait and talk to Member Services on Monday and tell them that we had this phone call and conversation today, and you didn't really want to sign up for the coaching calls. So, can they fix that? And they should be able to. But I'm afraid if I opt you out for just what I'm calling you on, that it'll opt you out of the whole system, and I don't want to do that. So, you can give them a call if you want. Or we can go ahead and make an appointment, and then you can try it and see what you think, and go from there. It's totally up to you. Okay, okay. So I'm going to go in here and put your calls on hold. Then that way you won't get another call from us until next month. And then hopefully, if you have any issues or any problems, you know, like I said, setting it up or talking to them, just you know, I think sometimes you can leave a message if you have to. But just that way. Save our number. You'll know it's us if we do call you back, and just tell them what you've been doing. So, okay, that sounds great. Thank you, Courtney. Have a great day. Uh huh. Bye bye.
