Hi, I am calling because I just redeemed some points and for an Amazon gift card, and I did not receive an email with the gift card. Yes. She probably should have called a social worker. I did. Yep, I did. It's not there. It's e a n d t j o n s w o l d at yahoo.com. Could she look more like? That's fine. Yeah, because Newhall wants to be out of the club. So when they went in, and I'm sure she walked in like that. Just so now. But at the end, the hair, not just the hair is important. The way the bangs are pushed. The inserts, the door, the center, the other, the other. Almost on air. Yeah. One really hard way to learn a lesson about how important the police are to the community is when the afternoon call all of the stuff and just black everything on the street. Also, like, you don't go in and basically know the time. You know, steady climbing rate. Maybe we come outside of it. Maybe they'll be back to go. I need to shoot wood. Like, I'm just like, okay. Let me repeat, can't if I received it. Ah, that's weird. Breathing, calm and steady. Yes, you don't need to buy that hard when everyone's out. It was all of experienced FBI guys, and just a regular street cop who was just looking for a clue who was able to solve all the problems. This is connecting, so give it a second here. Get out, Piper. Get your face out. Hey. Hmm. Let me try it on my computer. Just a second to check on my computer because I think it needs to update right now. I can lock up every door. Check again, just so I'm sure. Clutching from the pain, my eyes open while I'm fighting. My room just out of reach. I can throw out all these copies of excerpts of history. There's always such a pity. I opened and I closed. That would be under control. It might be just kind of a dream. My name is Mike Cannon, founder of Signal Relief. Much of my career has been working in construction. I love outdoors and horses. That active lifestyle would have caused my body to hurt. I didn't want to let's affect my family or my life, and that's what motivated me to create a team to build the Signal Relief patch. Technology clinically proven to reduce the impact of pain. The patch is a game changer. No creams, no pills, no wires. The patch is reusable, and there's a real money-back guarantee. Whether it's your neck, back, knee, shoulder, or just aches and pains, this patch can give you life back. When I gave my best friend a patch with tears in his eyes, he said it was the first time in 16 years he did not hurt. Join the hundreds of thousands who found relief. I'm asking you to try the. Signature lease patch today by going to our website. If you're thinking about buying, it means you need one. You have nothing to lose. I promise. The patch works. I don't know why our internet seems to be having a problem as well. Um, I'm on the phone. Trying. You just mute it. I mute. Commercial on the phone for work. Yeah, it doesn't appear that there's income there, but let me get out and try one more time. Okay, that'd be great. Pretty sure Piper's out there. What's that? The dogs out there. They've been out there. They're inside. I'm shutting the door. Thank you. Ah, yep, that worked. Beautiful. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. That was it. Thanks a bunch. Appreciate it. Have a great night. Bye bye.
