I'm saying is, are the council ones supposed to be removed? It's not on your your statement, your cap table, but like it shows the series, it shows how much money was raised. Okay, so that's the 11 million. But but did we eliminate some of that? Like, is it really supposed to be only 7 million now? I can say where that pulls from. Typically, when an amount raised comes in a share class, it wouldn't be removed. From the amount raised, so I'll get a little granular about it. But are you looking at the cap table and then view by share class from the drop down, just so you can see a summary cap table level? Yes. Hold on, let me go back to. I kind of just printed all these reports and put them in my folder. But okay, so I should go back to where reports. Go ahead, just click on. Yeah, just cap table, then view by share class. We'll just go over some surface level info. Um. Because I want to make sure we're looking at the same thing here. Okay, so I'm pulling up. Okay, so we've got the Series B. Okay, so we're looking. I think we're looking at the same thing. It says raised shares 11 million 896. Okay, yeah. So we're specifically inquiring about the amount raised, right? Not the outstanding or fully diluted numbers. Those look fine to you. Right. So when I go into my QuickBooks account and I look at the dollar amount in Series B. It says like seven point five million, and it's it's off like four point five million. And I I know what makes up that balance because I when I did when I did like a date search, it brought up like the two thousand fifteen money raise. But why is that not there? I mean, were they canceled? Are they supposed to be gone? I guess when it when what did you say was missing from it exactly? Oh, like four point five million of money that. Okay, so we should. Higher than the 11 million. Gotcha. Yeah. Really quickly, just you know, before we get too into detail, do you know if any of those certificates in Series B would have derived from convertibles or safe by any chance? Yes. Yes. Yes. So then, maybe it's reflecting as intended. On that same page, the summary by share class, scroll down to the bottom. Do you see where it says "safes" and "convertible notes"? Convertible notes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And maybe it's not adding up right now because the principal currently matches the amount raised. But in the event you do have a convertible, the cash raised is going to stay with the convertible even after it converts. So the convertible is where you raise the money from, and if it converts into the Series B share class, the amount raised doesn't move with it because that conversion, that certificate from the conversion, reflects the debt canceled in the principal, and is not. Necessarily reflecting the money raised, so the money raised was actually in the convertible that was originally issued. Okay, but it's still showing a pretty high amount then, though. I mean, if anything, it would be lower if it wasn't if it wasn't pulling it over, right? And so, also, it looks like the convertibles' principal is lining up the amount raised. I'm not actually sure if you had any convertibles that converted in CARTA, but there's another page. So, basically, the amount raised in each share class comes directly from the cash paid. Field on all the certificates issued, and so I can tell you if anything's missing. I can show you what you currently have, like show you a report to gather all the information.
