Thank you for calling Easy Cater. This is Lisa on the recorded line. How may I help you today? I'm so sorry to hear that you will need to cancel your order for tomorrow. Don't worry. Let me go ahead and help. By the way, who am I have the pleasure to speak with? Sure, absolutely. I'm ready. Thank you so much. No problem. I'm pulling up the order right now. Okay, thank you so much. We're still waiting for the caterer to provide with an update in regards to the cancellation. Sure, we can go ahead and cancel the order, and we can follow up with you. With the caterer's response, would you like us to follow up via text, email, or a callback once we get the caterer's response in regards to the cancellation fee? All right, excellent. And just for the record, may I know the reason why the order is being cancelled? Okay. I see. All right, no problem. Thank you so much for that information. Well, depending on the caterer and the time they need to prepare food, they might request. A cancellation fee amount. Hopefully, I see that we're still 20 hours, more than 20 hours before the event. So hopefully, they won't. But it depends on the caterer, because some caterers they they request more than. Sorry. Uh huh. I see. If you like, I can go ahead and contact the caterer right now. Hopefully, I can get a response from them. Sure, absolutely. May I place you on a brief hold, or would you like me to follow up? All right, thank you so much. Allow me just a moment. Hello, this is Lisa from Easy Cater on the recorded line. I'm calling in regards to the order six C W G X Y. The customer unfortunately had to had to cancel the order because some. The food items; they they don't fit the dietary restrictions that they have, so unfortunately, they had to cancel the order. We would like to know, since the order was canceled 20 hours before the event, if there will be any cancellation fee. Please let us know at your earliest convenience. To one eight hundred four eight eight one eight zero three. Hope you have a nice day. Hello, Jonathan. This is Lisa from Indicator on the recorded line. I'm calling about the order sixty W. G X Y. This order was for delivery tomorrow, but unfortunately, the customers said they had to cancel the order because the food didn't fit the dietary restrictions that their group needed. So the order has been canceled. Since the order was canceled with 21 hours before the event, we would like to know if there will be any cancellations. We will really appreciate your soon response. So, one eight hundred four eight eight one eight zero three. Hope you have a nice day. Hello, this is Lisa from Easy Cater on the recorded line. I'm calling about the order six six C W G X Y that was for delivery tomorrow. Unfortunately, the customer did not receive the order. Customer has decided to cancel the order because some of the food items do not feed the dietary restrictions that the that group is requesting. So we are calling just to ask if, since we we have canceled the order with 21 hours before the event, we would like to know if there will be any cancellation fee. Please let us know at your earliest convenience to 1-800-488-5773. One eight zero three. Hope you have a nice day. Thank you so much for patiently waiting, Sarah. I apologize for the long delay. Thank you so much. I tried to get in contact with the general manager and four other. Decision makers on this for this store, but they were all unresponsive. I see. I'm so sorry, since you at the first. The first time you said that you needed the order canceled, I canceled the order, and unfortunately, okay, no problem. You're welcome. Thank you so much. You as well. Hello, Joe. This is Lisa from Easy Cater on the recorded line. Hello, Crystal. This is Lisa from Musicator on the recorded line. I'm calling in regards to the order 60WGXY for delivery tomorrow. The customer has decided to cancel this order because some of the food items. Do not meet the dietary restrictions for the group, so the the order has been cancelled with twenty four twenty one hours before the event. And we would like to know if there will be any cancellation fee. Please let us know at your earliest convenience to one eight hundred four eight eight one eight zero three. Thank you so much, and I hope you have a nice day. 嗯。
