Hello. May I speak with Mary? Hello. My name is Holly, and I'm a sharecare engagement specialist calling on behalf of the Partners for Health Wellness program. How are you today? Oh, I'm doing just fine. Thank you so much for asking. I'm glad to hear you're doing good yourself, Mary. That's great. Absolutely. And the reason for my call this morning was that we just wanted to remind. You about the access that you have through that Partners for Health Wellness program? Of course, at no cost to you, absolutely, to an online experience as well as over the phone personal health coaching to support your overall health. Absolutely. Have you, by chance, heard of our program before? Oh, okay. Okay, fantastic. You've seen correspondence from us in the past. Very good. So you might be familiar with some of those different areas that your coach would be able to help you focus on. For example, would be weight management, as well as exercise, nutrition, helping you to manage stress, or even quitting tobacco products, to list a few. For you, of course. And this would be your very own personal coach to be able to help. Focus on you, and I would like to get you scheduled with your first call so that you can take a look at the program and see the benefit firsthand. And I must share with you, Mary, of course, that our call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. And so that I may open up your chart here and get you scheduled, would you please confirm your name, mailing address, and date of birth to remain HIPAA compliant? Yes, thank you. Thank you. Thank you kindly, Mary. And then, what was your date of birth? Thank you. That matches our records here. Any time that we reach out to you, or if you ever dial inbound for us, we will always ask that same series. Of information to keep your private health information protected. Most certainly. And is the number that we're calling on for you today the best number for your coach to reach you as well? Certainly. And is this your cell? Certainly. Thank you. Would you like to receive email and text message reminders for your coaching calls? A text, certainly. Those reminders will come out for you via text three days before your coaching call, and there would be a little unsubscribe link you could always click if you ever wish for those to stop in the future. Mary, of course. And with your schedule, what time of day would generally be best to receive those 15-minute calls? Okay. And then between on a Tuesday, great. And then between four forty-five and what hour on a Tuesday would be best? They usually ask if you. Yes, please. They ask if you at least set aside at least a sixty-minute call window in case your coach might run a few minutes off schedule. If that helps. Certainly. Gotcha. And you said on Tuesdays. And if your coach happened to miss you, is it all right if they were to leave personal health information on your voicemail? Certainly. Thank you for your permission. And on your chart here with us, I don't see the name for your primary care doctor. Would you like to update that? That's the last name. How do you spell that? C R I V E. Nobody popped up by that name. And do you happen to know their first name by chance? Oh my! And for some reason, they are not popping up. I could have the phonetic spelling incorrect. We could always double check that and provide that to your coach at your convenience in the future, Mary. I think I'm spelling something wrong. Forgive me on that. We, I have a couple questions here set aside from your coach, and we'll get you scheduled. Have you received? Your flu vaccine in the past 12 months? Certainly. Thank you. And have you ever used tobacco products? Of course. Do you currently, or have you quit? Oh, congratulations, of course, for you. Do you recall when you would have quit, or what year I should say? Oh, well, good for you. Congratulations on your health, and well, that's an excellent improvement for you. Absolutely, and Mary, I do not see that you are yet registered with us through that Partners for Health Wellness Sharecare platform I had mentioned in the beginning of our call. And to access the coach chat and lessons and content supporting your wellness journey, I can text you a link to help you download our mobile app. Absolutely, that is on its way for you. And we invite you there once you've become registered to take something that is called your real age test. That is a quick series of questions for you that helps discover your body's true age, and will be very beneficial in providing for your coach a real broad perspective of your overall health for the call we're getting ready to schedule for you. And as you make progress on your health journey, and you go back and take the Real Age Test again, you'll be able to see how far you've come on your health journey. Absolutely, it's very exciting. And I got my calendar book pulled up here for you. How does the 5:30 to 6:30, the 5:45 to 6:45 call window work well for you? The 28th is bad. You said the 28th is bad. So, what is the call window on Tuesdays that you would prefer? Forgive me about that. I'm so sorry about that. And are you Central Time Zone? Are you Eastern where you are? Thank you so much for confirming. I'm up in Illinois, we're Central over here too. Absolutely. So how does Tuesday, the 28th of January at 5 p.m. Central time? Perfect. I can book that for you, Mary. And of course, the coach asks that you set aside that 60-minute call window. And if it's also handy, I could text you over a link where you'd be able to make changes to your upcoming coaching calls. At your convenience, if that's handy. Absolutely, that is on its way for you. And if you run into any questions or concerns in between now and when we have your call set for, don't hesitate to inbound call us back at the same eight eight eight seven four one three three nine zero number that I called you on today. And our, of course, and our hours for you are set in Central Time, Monday through. Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., and we're also here on Saturdays, 8 a.m. to 4:30. If you need anything, Mary, give us a call. Well, thank you so much for participating in the Partners for Health Wellness Program. Have a great weekend. Thank you. Bye bye.
