Hello, may I speak with Rebecca? Hi, Rebecca. My name is Holly, and I'm a Sharecare Engagement Specialist calling on behalf of the Partners for Health Wellness Program. As part of your State of Tennessee health benefits, how are you? I'm doing just fine. Thank you so much for asking, and I'm glad to hear you're doing good yourself, Rebecca. That's wonderful. Absolutely. And the reason for my call today was that we were just reaching out to remind you that you do have access through that Partners for Health Wellness program, of course, at no cost to you, to an online experience as well as over-the-phone personal health coaching to support your overall health. Certainly. Have you, by chance, heard of our program before? Oh, good, good, fantastic that you've heard of us. So you might be familiar with some of those different areas that your coach would be able to help you focus on. Would be weight management, as well as exercise, nutrition, helping you to manage stress, or even quitting tobacco products to list a few for you, of course. And this would be your very own personal coach to be able to help focus on you. And I would like to get you scheduled with your call so that you can take a look at the program and see the benefit firsthand. And I must share with you, of course, that our call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Thank you as well. And so that I may open up your chart here and get you scheduled, would you please confirm your name, mailing address, and date of birth to remain HIPAA compliant? Oh, we might have caught you at a busy time. Certainly, if it would be handy for you, I could text you over a link to give you more information about our program. As I see, you're not yet registered through the mobile platform. Oh, certainly. Maybe you haven't used the mobile app or the the website, thestateoftn.sharecare.com. Oh, um. Would it be handy if I texted that that link over to this number that we're calling on? Most certainly, I'll do just that. And of course, we're here in the in the future, in a more convenient time for you, Rebecca. Thank you. Bye bye.
