Hello, my name is Brooke. I'm calling from El Nilo Pharmaceuticals. I'm calling because I have an order for tomorrow, and I had gotten—I wrote back, but I didn't get a response. A question from support at Easy Cater, basically from Tate, where we have an order coming in tomorrow afternoon, and they said that they couldn't make. The special requests that I'd made, so we cannot fulfill the order as requested, and that's fine. Whatever, I just need the lunch order, but I want to make sure that they're not going to not do it. They left it kind of open. They were saying that they couldn't accommodate the special request, which is strange because if you actually order directly on their website, everything I ask for you can do, but I guess not through Easy Cater. They said they couldn't make substitutions, even though, on when you get a box lunch off the Tate website, it actually says, "Do you want to substitute brownies for a cookie?" Or this that it offers you that option on their website. But I guess if you do it through Easy Cater, you can't. So I don't care. That's fine. I just need them to deliver. I just need to make. I was I was trying to. That's okay. I just want to make sure that they're not canceling the order because we have. A large department workshop tomorrow, and I don't have time to deal with this in the morning. And I need to make sure that everyone's going to have lunch. So I just want to make sure that it's all set and confirmed for tomorrow, even though they wrote me a note saying we cannot fulfill this. And.  Yeah, that's fine. I think that they made some kind of reference to a salad with a dairy allergy. That's fine because they actually found a gluten-free sandwich option that's also been ordered. So that's the only person. There's only one person I know that has a dairy allergy, and I think she's already ordered something else off the menu. So we should be all set. I just want to make sure. Sure that they're not going to not complete the order just because of the requests that I made. So, I'm hoping to confirm like they can just—I don't even care at this point. I just want them to show up with food. Okay, and I, I, fifteen, right? Eleven fifteen. And then, is there a way to write them back, just to confirm and say the client or whoever has accepted your comments, and that's fine? Okay. All right. Okay, and then I. Okay, great. And yeah, because I was going to say, if that's going to be, if there's any doubt, I would just cancel and order it off their website, but. If you think that won't be a problem, it shouldn't be that hard because we're in literally the exact buildings. Like we're—they don't even have to go outside to deliver it. Like we're in the same building, so I'm hoping it won't be any kind of an issue. But yeah, I just want to make sure that we can—if if it's possible, just to reconfirm with them that the client does not, please proceed with the order as scheduled and without the special accommodations. That's fine. Okay. Okay, thank you so much. That's it. Have a great day. All right, take care. Bye.
