Hello. Oh, hi, Sam. Yes, it's Leah. But you're a twenty-four's premiums, right? That you're saying that I. I don't want to drop covers for 2025. I just don't feel like I owe any more money for 2024. More than what you've already taken out. I mean, my issue is, I went on FMLA, I came back in August. Um, your guys were taking money out for insurance once I came off of FMLA. However, my. Insurance had been stopped. She gave me that money back, but then you've been taking it out, and now you're saying that you're still going to take money out through March or May of 2025. And so that's where my issue is. I'm fine with keeping my coverage with Kaiser for 2025, and I understand it's out biweekly. However, my issue is with the extra funds that you're taking in addition to my current benefits. Yeah. Okay, can you give me an amount? Because I would rather just pay it off next month on the fifteenth of the month, so y'all don't keep absorbing money every paycheck. Okay, and through through what month are y'all going to be doing this? And this is in addition to what I'm already paying, right? So you guys are saying I still owe three hundred and fifty-one dollars in medical coverage for twenty twenty-four, even though my insurance was canceled for two months. I wasn't. I was did not have insurance for two months. That's why I was reversed, reinstated. What do you mean reinstated? Right, and it was reinstated. You guys said I owed you $137. I paid you $137, and then all of a sudden, I'm paying for for full price for. Medication. I call the pharmacy. The pharmacy tells me I don't have active coverage. I called and I opened up a case, and it was found in that case that my insurance had lapsed, even though I sent in that payment. I understand you guys are saying I owed you two more prior to that, which I didn't know about, because of your award-winning notification system. And now you're saying I still? Oh no, they're three hundred and fifty-two dollars for 2024. No, I don't buy it. I need I need something other than you telling me over the phone. Like I need some documents sent to me. Meanwhile, you're still taking the money. Is my insurance good for 2025? Because I've just set up everything with Kaiser. Yeah, I'll appeal it again because I'm just not. The numbers aren't adding up on my end as to how the numbers are adding up on your end. Especially if you're saying I still owe you another three hundred and fifty-two dollars. Okay. Thank you, Pam. No, thank you. Bye.
