Hi, Masika. Pamela Brazil, please. Hi, Pamela. My name is Laurie, and I am with Sharecare, and I'm calling on behalf of the Partners for Health Wellness Program through your state of Tennessee benefits. How are you doing today? I'm doing good. Thank you for asking. I'm giving you a call to just kind of go over your program with you. This is something that you already do have access to through the program through your. State of Tennessee benefits, so there's no additional out-of-pocket cost to you. And the program does give you access to an online experience and a personal health coaching that supports your overall health and wellness. And some of the areas that the coaches can help you with and focus on are things like weight management, exercise, nutrition, stress management. They can even help you with tobacco cessation. And it's just your own personal coach to help you. Focus on you, and I would like to go ahead and set you up on the program. I do need to verify just a little bit of information, real quick, and also please be advised that this call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Have you ever taken part in any of the wellness programs? Are you familiar with how they work? Okay, so at the end of our call today, I'm going to be able to send you over a link on your text on your phone to text you. And you'll be able to go in, download the app. It is free through Apple and Google Play. You're going to go choose your communication, your messaging, and your HIPAA preferences. Then it's going to kind of prompt you into doing your real age test. And once you do your real age test, that's your gating event for the program. That'll open up all. Uh huh. Oh, okay, good. Well, let me get in here and see what we got going on. Hold on a second. So, I'm calling you. Yeah, I'm calling you for some reason. Probably just to it may have lagged to to get you scheduled or something. Can you verify? I do need to verify your first name, your mailing. I mean, your first and last name, your mailing address, and your birth date. And this call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Okay. Well, just call us back when you have a few minutes. Make sure that we get you registered everywhere that needs to be registered. That way, you won't get unwanted phone calls from us. So just uh huh. Oh, okay, cool. So yeah. Okay. Well, just check back with us next week, and so we can fix. It to where you won't continue to get calls from us. Okay, thank you. Bye bye.
