Hi, this is Maria from EasyGator calling on a recorded line to confirm. Am I speaking with Miss Nicole? Hi, ma'am. Thank you so much, ma'am, for answering the call. So this is about the order number QPQ WV1, the one that you are requesting for the change of. So, ma'am, I just wanted to let you know that I'm almost done with doing this, with doing your request. However, I have a little bit, I have a little concern, ma'am. On the original order, the customer placed two Mexican rice, which is for, which is good for 30 people, and that is $60, $30 each. And if I'm going to go with the new store, It says here that the Mexican rice is good for 24 people with the same amount, Miss Nicole. So I just wanted to check, ma'am, is there any way that we can make this good for the same amount of people for the Mexican rice? Ah. Uh huh. Uh huh. I understand, ma'am. I know, ma'am. But all in. Hmm. Okay, ma'am. Is it um? Is it fine if I'm going to modify it, making sure that the customer will still have a visibility, um, that the or I mean that. The Mexican rice will still be for fifteen people, even if that it is, it is the same size. It's just that there is a matter of different information showing. Uh huh. Uh huh. I understand, ma'am. So in this case, ma'am, I'm going to. Make sure that it will still be the same with what they are showing in their original order. Making sure that making sure that they will not gonna notice any difference when it comes to the order that they have placed originally. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh, okay. Hmm. Okay. So that's. More than. Exactly, that's more than. Oh, okay, all right, ma'am. Um, in this case, um, I will not gonna ask where the customer bought it or sure to place that knowing the amount of the rice, ma'am. But all in all, I'll just need to make sure that it will be the same as with what is showing, um, saying that the two Mexican rice will. Be good in serving thirty people, ma'am. Since the other store only sees as twenty as good for twenty-four people, so that is actually the minimal and the minimal modification that I need to do with the order, ma'am. But all in all, we same amount will be given to them. I'll make sure of that. And then, ma'am, about the menu update request, since you have raised that with me, I'm going to send you an email which is related to this. In that way, ma'am, you will have that visibility on how you can do request for the changes, ma'am. We have an option. I will be sending you the options, ma'am. It's either that you'll be doing this either via Easy Manage or by sending them a direct email. Our menus team, okay? Thank you, ma'am. I will not gonna take so much of your. Miss Nicole, I'll be doing it for I'll be doing it immediately now, and then please expect the cancellation for this original order, and another one, another notification for you to accept the order, Miss Nicole. Okay. No worries, Miss Nicole. Anything else, ma'am, before you go? Ma'am, don't hesitate to give us a call back. Anytime, okay. No worries, ma'am. You take care. Bye, bye.
