Good evening. Thank you for calling the Hearst Benefits Service Center. This is Emmanuel speaking. Who am I speaking with today? Good evening, sir. How are you doing today, sir? Um. If the colleague in question, and could I just go ahead and get your first, and let's say one more time, sir, so I could uh just look into your account, please, sir. No, sir. That's okay. So, if a new hire was trying to waive his benefits on there, sir, he would have to call in if he was confused about how to do it on there. As long as your new hire event is still open and it's not passed, usually it has a time frame as to when it's passed on there. So, the employee in question would have to call in. And basically, let the agent on line on the phone know that he's trying to waive all the benefits or not have any of the benefits through Hurst, and we should be able to help him out on there. But if you have the event open as an employee, you just go into your event and you can just hit decline for everything. Just make sure nothing says that you're paying for everything if you're trying to waive everything, and then you have to submit it on there. Alternatively, if the if the person hasn't. Done anything yet? They haven't picked out any benefits or anything like that. They can just let the event expire, and it'll auto-decline on its own. Yes, sir. So, if an employee doesn't pick anything out, the basic and the basic like. Core benefits is all they're going to have. So whatever Hertz offers that is free, that the employees don't pay for, they're going to have that automatically, regardless if they choose to confirm or they don't confirm it at all. The only thing I would say to do is to allocate your dependents in your dependent tab, which can be done at any time. Honestly, in the account, the employee can go in there at any time and allocate dependents to whatever free life policies that the company offers. But yeah, apart from that, if they choose to let the the coverage just auto decline on their own, the core benefits should stay themselves. Because those core benefits, the free ones, I don't even think you can decline them on there as well. There isn't an option to decline them. They they're there regardless whether you choose them or not. No problem at all, sir. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today? Any other questions or concerns for today, sir? All right. So no problem at all. Thank you, sir, for calling the. Hearst Benefits Service Center. Have a wonderful day, sir. Thank you, sir.
