You know, like they could get the total amount of repurchases and subtract it from cash raised. Does that make sense? And how would they get the total amount of repurchases? Through a detailed cap table. A detailed cap table. Detailed cap table report. Detailed cap table. Yep. Cap table shows repurchases. Yeah, detailed cap table report. Yeah, I would. Because if you do like a securities ledger by typing class on the detailed cap table, it's going to include the details for every single security and grant, and so there would be a repurchase column, so you would see all the repurchases there. Yeah, that's called a stock ledger. That's not actually the detailed cap, so that's why I was confused. Right, but in CARTA, that's what the report you pull is called—a detailed cap table report. No, let's see. I've been doing this for years. It's called a securities ledger, I believe. Detailed cap shows the aggregate amounts of each equity holder, and there is no repurchase on that report. What I'm referring to when I say like a detailed cap table, I'm not saying like the actual selection of that. I meant securities ledger by type and class. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. So on the account side and the expense side. How do they find the total repurchase amounts? Because the company's accountants are asking me, because the total cash raise shown in CARTA is in question, because the company has done some buybacks. So I need to provide them with reports so they can confirm those numbers and be confident that what's in CARTA is correct. Give me one moment. Yeah. Yeah. So in the security ledger by type and class, there should be the repurchase column. So you'd be able to get the total aggregate of all repurchased. Is that what you're looking for? You get the number of shares, but you don't get the amount. The cash amount is what you're referring to, okay? Yeah, or any other report that shows them that cash amount. It's happily, H-A-P-P-I-L-Y company. They don't have that many stakeholders. Got it. Let's take a look. But it's just their accountant's cash raised is not matching what's in CARTA. Got it. Let's see. I'm just going to pull her apart and take a look at it as well. And and we don't have that as a payback. What are you guys looking at?  嗯。
