Thank you for calling from E Flowers. This is Avery. How can I help you today? Alright, sir. So I'd really apologize for the inconvenience. Since you got me here, I'd be more than happy to assist you to check this order for you. So can I have first the order number for me to check here, please? Alright, may I have your full name as well as the name of your receiver on this order, please? Alright, thank you so much. So please give me a minute or two. Let me try to pull up the orders. Okay, please stay on the line just one moment.  Just one moment, please. Just one. Second, okay. Thank you so much, sir. One moment. All right, sir. Thank you so much for patiently waiting. And as for checking here in regards to this order, there was already a shop that was assigned to fulfill. And deliver this arrangement. And since I've checked here that you have paid for the expedited fee, which is a guarantee that will be delivered by 12 noon. And right now, as for checking with the time, also it's already 12:48 p.m. there. So let me go ahead, sir, and I will be refunding you back the expedited fee. So I will be refunding this extra fee that you have paid. And I will be going to message right now the shop directly to deliver the arrangement as soon as possible. And once delivered, you will be receiving a delivery confirmation on your email. On regards to your order, sir. Okay. Yes, sir. And again, sir, I really apologize as well, sir, for the inconvenience that this order has caused you. All right. Very much welcome, sir. So, all right. So, is there anything else, sir, that I can assist you with from this line? For this one, sir, I cannot provide. Sir, unfortunately, I cannot provide an exact time. But rest assured, since ah you got me here, I will be follow up this order. To the shop, sir, so that they can deliver this wine as soon as possible, right away, sir. All right. So, is there anything else, sir, that I can assist you aside from this wine? All right. So, again, sir, I totally apologize. I'm a great behind taker always, and bye bye for now, sir. Bye bye.
