That when we do this stock split, when the law firm does this stock, I'm just doing research, you know. The law firm was actually going to do it, but I want to understand the system. When we initiate the split as of nine eight, and of course it's a funky ratio, everything gets round down, right? Everything gets reversed and round down at every level. I think it's common stock, you know, the preferred stock, every issuance and every grant. Would it be, and we do it for everything. So let's say we do it for it's effective nine eight. So I'm kind of curious. I have two questions. I'm kind of curious. What happens to the nine fourteen issuance? Would it just be left alone, because it's effectuated everything prior to nine eight, or does it do everything? Does it also do nine fourteen? Would happen to be a future day. So I want to ask you that question, and then I'll have a lot of follow-ups after that. What do you? How do you think the the system will react? To us pushing the button, as of nine eight. So, it will. You'll be able to select which will which grants will be in that split. So even if this was done after, it doesn't matter because you'll be able to select that, so it can be split as well. Okay, so we can split everything. Okay, so that's one. We can split everything, right? Yeah, you can do anything. And then, I love that power. So when I split, let's just say I split Pablo Bryan Bryan, right? You know, nine seven nine fourteen nine fourteen, right? The nine fourteen, as it splits, it still has the nine fourteen exercise date. Yes, yes. Yes, uh huh. Oh, okay, good. And then, and and that goes with the. Value of the that also reflects the price, the exercise price. You know how that jumps up because it's the first option. So that so it follows through already through, right? Yes. Okay. So regardless, so so was it? So you you don't anticipate any issue pushing the button? No, not at all for for that timeline. Correct. Yeah, that's not going to impact. This because you are able to select any of the grants. That team that does that will actually send you a spreadsheet, and you'll be able to select which grants or which grants not to include. Okay, okay. And then, I mean, I get it that the paper. How did how how is it going to look like in a sense? Well, actually, the the actual documents, like the template documents that is attached to the record, is still a form of. But everything as a record. Will change, right? Like the share amount will go down, the price, the exercise price will go up, right? I'm just trying to anticipate any other things that, because you know, I don't do what you might call it. I'm not in the sandbox with the with the attorneys, you know. So I'm just trying to imagine how it look like. So it'll be at that level, right? You know, like all the shares will. I mean, it's you're gonna run a report, and that spreadsheet will show that all the correct. And it's a round down. Okay. Yes, exactly. Then that. Oh, go ahead. Oh, I'm just gonna. I'm. I feel like I'm pulling information. If you could, you know, provide me any other like nuances that you could think of when it comes to doing these splits. Um, not that I can think of. Uh, we do have a special team that handles those splits, but it looks like they have gone home for the day. Okay. Let me see if I can find some information here in the articles. Okay. Because if it's if it's that straightforward and you don't anticipate any issues in a sense of time, you know, like like it's not. My concern is that they're going to treat the nine fourteen exercise as post split number exercise. You know what I'm saying? Which is not the case. Yeah. But it sounds like because we can select what gets to be split, then we could avoid that issue. Yeah, exactly. From what I do know. The date of the exercise itself won't matter because you are able to select all of the grants that will be part of that split. That's great. So that was the only concern that I had. So you don't think? I mean, if you could connect me with the team that does splits, sounds like a gymnastic team. That would be amazing. Yeah, looks like they have gone home for the day. Oh, they did go home. Okay. Five p.m. Yeah, so a minute ago. Oh, and it's five p.m. Oh, okay. And over the weekend, you guys don't work and splits and stuff like that. Correct. Yeah, we're not open. Okay. Okay. And then, what about Monday morning? Like what time? Because I know that I know you guys in Utah and Brazil times. I'm just kind of curious, what time? Yeah. So on Monday, they open at. Let's let me double check because it it's the Brazil team that opens first. Okay, six thirty a.m. Pacific. Six thirty a.m. Pacific. Okay, yeah, I think they're like four or five hours ahead of us, right, or something crazy like that. Yeah. Okay, very help, very helpful. Yeah, if you can please send me the article on this. So the paralegal at the law firm, when she goes through her splits, she would talk. She would when she calls you guys, you know, from the law firm phone line. She would.
