Hi. Okay, so I'm trying to place an order. It's not going through. Like, I just need to place an order for tomorrow. Yes. I'm sorry. Yes, that's what I want. But I understand if I can't get it tomorrow. But they usually deliver for me. For like. Thirty people, but if you can't do it, it's okay. I can't hear you. I'm sorry. Oh, now I can hear you. Yes. Yes. Yes, because I waited too long to put it in, but they usually deliver for me. And I want like an order for thirty and two vegetarians. No, it's five. This should be for thirty people. Three chicken. Yeah, they they should be five packs, and there should be three of them. Did I say it wrong? Should be for thirty people. Yeah, it should be for. About thirty people, or twenty-five people, and then I need two or three vegetarians. I might have hit the wrong button for thirty people. Yeah. It's the three gemet pinners pack, and it should be for five the five packs. You did you click that button for five packs? Yes, and it's for thirty people, and then three vegetarians, two vegetarians with sweet potatoes and broccoli. Oh my gosh, I love you. I'm so tired. That would be perfect. And they usually are going to try. I'm sorry, correct me. Try. Okay. I would like a callback by round six. 6 o'clock a.m. and then I would like a call back around 6 o'clock a.m. If you can't accommodate it with salt grass, I would like them to do it with like McAllister's. But then I can't have any pork on one order. I have to have vegetarian on two orders. Chicken accommodates that better. And I want box lunches. If we do it through McAllister's, I want box. I just think it's going to be better through Saltgrass, but it's okay. Have to have an accommodation for pork and two vegetarian, but she can handle that nicely. And I appreciate you so much. Are you gonna message me in the morning, please? Either or McAllister's or Sawgrass. Okay, thank you so much. And McAllister's is already closed, or they're both already closed. That you'll let me know early in the morning. Okay, thank you. Thank you. All right, I appreciate you so much. And I want box lunches and macallisters. Okay, all right. Thank you. All right. Bye.
