Upsetting anyone on email as well. Ah, yeah. Let me just go ahead. What it looks like, there's something incomplete in the report. Well, so maybe you can help me. So this is a company that took an initial investment about three and a half years ago. And basically, when the new investment came in, they were on their last breath. I mean, they were about to go out of business. So, what I'm trying to figure out is: does the should the 409A take into account the initial investment or not? And I don't think it needs to. I mean, it's basically: if you're recapbing a company, typically it's worth very little to. Zero when you take it on. So, they had never done a 409A before. I'm the new CEO, and so they had never done a 409A before. And that's I'm just trying to make sure that our 409A is is accurate. Um, it it is accurate because we do take all of the information as of the valuation date. So, since it's a point in time valuation, we would. Take everything that's in the cap table into consideration. I can message Alexandra and let her know, just so we can clarify if that is reflected properly in the report for you. Yeah, she can give me a call. I know it says book a call today, but I think it means book it for tomorrow. And I'm going. I don't need a ton of time. I just want to make sure because she asked me a question that was a material pivot. I'm like. No, it just was an idea that they just got stuck and they couldn't execute. But again, the problem is on this thread includes the original investor, so I don't want to upset him too much, and we have a legal representation. So I'm trying to make sure that I'm not writing things that are going to get anyone in any way, shape, or form in trouble. Got it. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Let me just go ahead and I'll. Connect with her, make sure we're on the same page, and I'll have her reach out to you with any additional questions. But we just want to confirm that that that is reflected correctly in the report, right? Okay, and that even if the report says the company took an initial investment, but it it it was valued at zero at this point in time before the next investment, I'd be okay if it said that too. I I don't know. I just don't know what how the I I. Seen 409As, and I've seen some pretty detailed ones, and ours is obviously very simple because we didn't give you a, you know, a revenue plan or anything else. Okay, yeah, I'll go ahead and and look at that.
