Thank you for calling the Matv Benefits Service Center. This is Layla speaking. Who am I speaking to today? And how can I assist you? Uh huh. Um, let me check on the appeal. Give me one moment. Sorry, it's loading up here. Okay, so I do see the appeal here. It looks like it was submitted. On the four, hold on, let me see. Um. Okay, you wish to drop the medical for you and your spouse. Okay. And let me see. Hold on, because you also get your credits applied. Are your premiums? Did you want to set up for reimbursement? For your premiums from the marketplace as well. Okay. Let's see. Okay. How much is your medical through there? Twenty dollars and eight cents. Monthly for medical only. Okay, so I'll go ahead and include that, and I'll also make them aware because we just needed to confirm, in fact, that that is what you want to do with dropping the medical coverage and still going ahead and setting up for the reimbursement. I will go ahead and let them know that that is what we, what you are requesting to do. The case is still open with the appeal. I'll go ahead and send it back over with the changes that you need to make. Correct as of as of right now, you are showing that you are active with Matives, so you'll show that you. Have both. If you were to go to a visit, the way that it will be done once removed, it'll be backdated to the first of January, showing that you no longer had active coverages. So that way, it doesn't get in the way of your marketplace coverage. But we just need some time to go ahead and make sure that it's done. Correct. Yeah, I would. I would say if you could avoid using the Matterf one, I would say go ahead and do so, and just use the marketplace. So that way, it doesn't mess up anything with claims and stuff like that. Um, I can set up a callback for you, so that way. We can go ahead and let them know. We'll let you know about the changes that are made, because it does look like we tried to get a hold of you, but we weren't able to do so. Excuse me. No, I get it. It's okay. I'm the same way. No worries. No, it's okay. Right, or else we'll start bugging you for more. So don't worry, sir. We'll go ahead and make sure that these changes are done for you, and making sure that also that reimbursement is set up correctly. Yeah, my pleasure. Is there anything else I can assist you today? My pleasure. Thank you for calling the Matter of Benefits Service Center. You have a great day. Thank you.
