Hello, Mr. Jenkins. Hello, Ms. Jenkins. My name is Patience, and I'm from the ITW Benefits Service Center for your protection. This call is being recorded. May I go ahead and get your first and last name, please? Yeah. And then may I go ahead and get your date of birth? Mine is ten six fifty three. And then may. No problem. And then, may I go ahead and get the last four digits of your social security number? Yours. Nine five five seven. Alrighty. And then, yes, ma'am. May I speak to Mister Jenkins, if possible? Hello, Mr. Jenkins. May I get your first and last name and your date of birth? Yeah, Bruce Jenkins, seven six nineteen sixty. And then, may I go ahead and get the last four digits of your social security number or your employee ID number? Eight three zero zero. And then, may I go ahead and get that primary address on file, please? Yes. Eighteen Seventeen Carol Drive. And that city, state, and. Yes, that's right. Four, five, three, five, six. Thank you so much for verifying yourself for me. So I was calling about that Medicare payment that you guys were stating that you did not receive. Have we? Have you guys received that amount? Yes, sir. Okay. What was you saying now? No, no problem. So, so this is about that. Plan inquiry. It was about billing. You guys were stating that the that your that that your spouse, Mister, was to submit the Medicare card, and you stated the billing premiums were not accurate. Are they back to being accurate? I haven't got a bill, and you stated to reach back out and tell me if they were because I sent the card, and he's on disability forever. I mean, for a long time. We've never changed anything, so we have one Medicare and one Medicare. Not which is me. And it was supposed to be like twelve hundred and something. So they were telling the bill. They said was nineteen something, which makes makes two people that are not on any. But he's on Medicare. I'm um. Yeah, with like twelve something, the bill would be. That's all the dispute was. It was just like I didn't know what to pay. They haven't sent a bill, and then any that card is on file. Yes, ma'am. So I do. See here that we did go ahead and get that premium notice sent out to you on the ninth of January, and so you should be receiving that any moment. I do apologize about that delay, but we did go ahead and send that notice in the mail on the ninth. I'm I'm not in the mail room. I do apologize about that, so I would not know what is on that paper. Give me one quick second. Let me go ahead and see and pull that. See if I can have some access to that. Next payment. No problem. Okay, so it did say allow the time for the document to be reviewed, and the premium should adjust. And the latest payment date is one thirty-one of twenty twenty-five. That premium for one one of twenty twenty-five through one. Well, actually, yes, just the one for one one was one thousand nine hundred and sixty-two dollars and thirty-eight cents. Yes, yes, ma'am. That's why. Yes, ma'am. I did just. Yes, ma'am. I did just state that you have to allow time for that document to be reviewed, and then the premium should be adjusted. Okay, so when that payment comes, do I what do I pay then? I mean, I keep waiting for them to say it's been removed, and you will pay the you will not pay that amount. You will let that paper throw it in the trash, and um, and then that new premium will be on its way to you. Okay, so it'll be here before the the thirty first. Well, I do I can't really say if it will be, but I do hope. So, and if it's not, then we have those case notes that are in our system to go ahead and know that that was an error on this side and not on your side. No, ma'am. Let me go ahead and pull that up for you. There we. Our current benefits, benefit history. Alrighty, open enrollment. So I can't see the amount that it was supposed to be. I can only see the amount that they. Currently, right now. Yes, ma'am. Because that premium should adjust. You have to allow time for the document to be reviewed, and then that premium should be adjusted. We've already recued that premium notice to the mill. Correct. Okay. All righty, no problem. Well, I do appreciate you for answering that call for me. You do have a wonderful night.
