That little help box in the bottom right corner, where you can try and initiate a chat. But one thing, though, to mention with this, David, is that some people, some people prefer to have their personal holdings and their company login separate. Yep. So you could just let them know: is all merging is not mandatory. If you wish to have, not mandatory. If you wish to have your holdings in a personal email, like completely fine. Not going to be any issue from our point of view. Gotcha. So, what's the login website name? Is it the login.app.cardo.com? It would be just app.cardo.com, and then it would populate the all all the other stuff. Yeah, cardo.com. That makes sense. Yeah, I had a feeling it was like when we when he used to be consultant, and we needed to get him access, and he didn't have his. Current company email. That makes sense. Okay, cool. All right, Connor. I think that's it. All right. Well, I appreciate your time here and bringing this up. And I think we should be able to get Peter taken care of. Was there any other items that I can help you with? Oh, let's see. Yeah. You know what? Since I have you on the line. We have a health check kind of issue, so let me take a look here. I'm going over to cap table, review cap table health. I didn't have this view. Sorry, let's just back it up one second. So we have in our required section one of the health check issues is the CSW: more than one share class or warrant block with the same prefix. Yeah. So we tried modifying the top one, that one, the one with the worm block. Comment, you know, that entire thing. And he said that it was in use. Do you know what that means? That means that securities are tied to it. Oh, okay. Items have have been issued to it. So if it is the worm block that you're trying to change. That would require Carda to make the change for you to change that that information. Let me let me take a look here. So you have the CSW, and then you have PC one PCW for your warrants. If you want, David, you could let me confirm your permissions here. But you should be able to just send me an email and just say, "Hey, can you change the warrant block to this?" Actually, it looks like we would need to get a response back from either Peter on this item, or one of your legal team members from Cooley. Yep, that's correct. Okay, so but we can make that change for you and clear that out. Check. Okay. Um. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Uh. So, say we want to have the warrant block. You know, belong to the common. Stock warrant share class—is that possible, or could you restate that for me, David? Yeah. So you see how we have the warrant block common stock warrants note conversion. Could we have it belong to just you know the regular common stock warrant share class, or is that not possible? Oh, interesting. So you're wanting to just make sure I understand for. Are you talking about like how it's displayed on the on the cap table, or yeah? I guess I'm trying to see like like well, what would be the best way to like fix this? Because these are all the same thing at the end of the day, but we want to call out a specific portion of our common stock warrants as being related to the note a note conversion. Hmm. Got it. So you mean that these are resulting. From a note conversion or the ending of a price round, correct, David? Yeah. Okay. I don't know if I mean the most that you would be able to do is like working with us. We can change like it already has note conversion in the name for the warrant block. Um. No. Does is that not explicit enough, or like what what would you want to change with the name? Because I think it, I think it is explicit enough. I guess we just want to get rid of this health check. Because, like to me, it seems like this is fine. You know what I mean? Like this is still like a common stock warrant, but we just want to kind of demarcate this, you know, section. This a portion of it is related to the note conversion. I mean, what what could be done? It still would require a response from your legal admin. I mean, you could change it to like common stock warrants. You could do or common stock warrants notes. You could do CSWN. Yeah, you could just change the prefix that way. What it's just trying to say is like you're having.
