Thank you for calling Crash Champions Benefit Center. This is Andy speaking. Who am I speaking to today? And your last name? Can you spell it for me? E R E R O. Okay, thank you. Can you verify the last four of your social security number, please? Zero five. Thank you. Can you also verify your date of birth and address? And the apartment number, and city, state, and zip code? Okay. Thank you. And how can I help you today? Okay, let me look at your account. Give me just a moment. Okay, it looks like you're receiving the request for the dependent verification, and is this for your spouse? Okay, so for your spouse, for the dependent verification, we are going to need. Let me bring that up. Give me just a moment. We're going to need the marriage certificate. Upload it. You can either do the marriage certificate, or you could do a federal tax return within the last two years, listing your spouse on the tax. Return. So either one, you can upload to get her verified. And let me check on how long you have for the verification. Okay, so it looks like you have until January 31st to upload that, and then it takes. Seven to ten business days to be reviewed, and once it's approved, you'll send receive an email letting you know it's been approved. Then it takes seven to ten business days because we'll have to send the update over to the insurance carriers so that they'll know she's on the benefits. Um, I'm not able to. Take her off of there. If you don't submit the documentation, then she just won't be, you know, approved to be added to your benefit. So, until until we receive that documentation, she's just she'll actually be removed if you don't submit the documentation. It'll be it'll be different. Do you want to take her off effective January first? So right now we don't need the social security card. We just need the merit certificate uploaded. Talk to her, because you have until January thirty first. If you if you need to get her, if you want to get her removed, you have until then to just give us a call back and let us know. Let me just verify and make sure. Yeah, you have until the January thirty first. If you want to make changes to your benefits, so talk to her. And if you, she definitely wants to be removed, just give us a call back. We'll be closed Monday for the holiday, but we'll be open after then, and you can remove her if she wants to. It's going to be by mail for her. Are you asking about for her? Um. Okay, so those cards should have been mailed out. Which ones are you needing? Okay, let me see when the event was completed. Okay, it was showing it was completed on December 26. So it takes seven to ten business days for the carriers to get the update that you signed up, and then after that, it takes another seven to ten business days for them to mail out the ID cards. Is there a particular one that you're needing right now because you're trying to make an appointment? Okay. Okay, they'll they'll definitely be mailing those ID cards. They're probably already in process to be mailed to you, so just be on the lookout for them. Okay. Thank you for calling Crash Champions Benefits Center. Have a great weekend. Okay. Bye bye.
