Hi, this is Pam with the Take Care, Take Charge Benefits Center. I received your message that you requested a supervisor callback regarding the documents. Hi, Cody. So it looks like you sent another marriage certificate, and I see the first one was denied. So I need to have what's called a re-review done. So that someone can take a look at it, you know, it goes to a department that verifies documents. So it's kind of like what their their word is is. So I have to get someone else to take a look that can override that. So, but here's the thing: is that when I called on the third, they were already doing that. Then I got a message to call in regards to the reference. And I called while I was on the phone with them. They just asked me to resubmit, just in case it was an image issue. This was not a resubmission of anything else. So we're already past the seven and ten business days that you guys advised. Yeah, well, those. Because you guys asked for a second copy while I was on the phone with you, just in case. That restarted the clock, is what you're telling me. Okay, so let me tell you what I'm seeing. I'm seeing a document that was received back in July that was denied. I'm seeing a mortgage statement that was received in November that was accepted. Uh-huh. And now I'm seeing a new document dated the 10th that hasn't been reviewed. So here's what happened. Is that I went through, and at some point, I was my my wife was verified under my dependents prior to the end of the year. On at the end of the year, I went through and double checked, and then it showed that she wasn't verified. So I called on the third, and they started the process of checking into it because. What they advised me was that my marriage license did not qualify because it was a certificate, and I advised them that that was the only legal document in the state of Oregon. They said that they would start the process to have it reviewed, and that was on the third, and it takes them ten visits. Okay, I am looking for that conversation, and I have not found it yet. Hold on a second, let me check somewhere else. Okay, that might be this case that I'm working on now with Carlene. Hold on, because it says the second. Okay, yeah, it probably was the second. She did not. I apologize. She did not send this as a. She wasn't specific enough. If that's what she was needing, so I, I definitely did not understand. I basically answered her question. Two documents are needed to verify spouse, and we need an official marriage certificate. So, my apologies for that. I did not get anything out of her request that this was a re-review because I send those a different way. I send those for review differently. So, I am going to be submitting that today or this evening as as a re-review and. It it shouldn't take that long, okay? Because it's a re-review on an urgent basis. Okay, so right, well, okay, so the verified and deny thing has to do with the audit. Somehow, some people don't know about the audit. Although, I see you sending documents. In July, so I think you, you, yeah, okay. So what happened was, anybody who wasn't verified by December twenty thirty first dropped as of the first, because that was just the last day. But now they're saying, okay, they're dropped, but we'll give them till the thirty first of January to get in whatever documents that are needed. So that's where we are now. Now, as far as the document itself. It's one of those documents that you know. I see a lot of marriage certificates. It is definitely not the traditional marriage certificate. So we need someone with a keen eye who knows exactly what they're looking for. Usually, it's some type of county or deputy signature, because most of them have a seal on it and something else. But but I'm going to get expert eyes on it. And we'll get a definitive answer on it. Okay, and I appreciate that. And just so you're aware, because I might have said you're the supervisor. Mm-hmm. Yes, that's correct. This is the same one I submitted back in 2016. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And it was verified then. Mm-hmm. And then I've had this one ever since then. Okay. And I understand that. We went through an audit, and I had to some like all my kids were fine. I had no issues with them. Okay, and then but I had to reverify my wife. Mhm. Hence, the mortgage statement was added, and then I resubmitted the marriage one, which for some reason this time was not verified, even though it was verified with GMR or with Take Care, Take Charge before. Mhm. So I'm not sure why the exact same document. Mhm. I understand. That's the confusion part. Is that it was? It was okay then. What's wrong? What's wrong with it now? I hear you. I understand what you're saying. Okay, so I. So you, you guys are where is that state of Oregon? Mhm. That is the license. Okay. Mhm. Our ceremonial. Oh, in Oregon, it's okay. So in Oregon, let me just get this down so I don't forget. Bear with me a second. I want to get that down because that's kind of different. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Give me just a second here. I'm just going to document that. I have to update your case to escalated and urgent now. Okay, so I have that in the state of Oregon, the marriage license is the official document, and the marriage certificate is ceremonial. All right, I have it down. Okay. Thank you very much. Oh, you're welcome, Cody. It's my pleasure, and we'll get to the bottom of it. Okay. So, oh, Monday is a holiday for us. So, okay. Okay. Okay, you'll hear from me no later than Tuesday, okay? Because I don't think I don't think this is going to hit anybody's desk until Monday. Okay. And I just want to add one more thing. Yeah. Whoever I talk to on the tenth. Uh huh. Oh great! Okay, awesome. Thanks for that that feedback. That's welcome, and I'm glad it was a good call. Oh, awesome! I appreciate that. I'm going to send Alicia all the kudos. Well, thank you, Cody. I appreciate it. If you don't have any other concerns for me this evening, I hope you have a wonderful weekend. We'll do. Thank you. Bye bye.
