Hello. Can you hear me? Hello. Hello. Can you hear me now? Hi, this is Madeline from EasyCare. Ready to record a line. How may I assist today? I see. Sorry to hear about that. More than glad to help you. Speaking with Daniel. And what I can do for you, Daniel, with this order?   Yeah, I I understand it. Uh huh. Yeah, yeah. I see the disorder was reported late. Yeah, the order was reported as late. I see it, fifteen to thirty minutes late. Okay. Let me take a look. Okay, Mister. Uh huh. Yeah. Totally understandable, and thank you so much for calling us and let us know. I also see that it's already report. I will transfer this it back to the store because the store who was delivered the order, and also I see that we already processed a compensation for the inconvenience today. That was that I will. Transfer your feedback to the store to let them know what is going on on this order. Also, I see that we already compensate for the inconvenience that you have today. That was the delivery fee plus a ten percent off on the order. Okay. Okay, understandable. Yeah, it's totally true. Let me go ahead and, in addition, offer you a fifty percent, fifty dollars. Excuse me, applicable to we. Indicator that you can use on your next indicator. No, fifty dollars off on your next order. You can use it with any other driver, or you want a discount on the order. Okay. I already, we already apply a ten percent off, Mister, on this order. We can do a thirty. Thirty is the higher one that we can apply. Thirty percent off on the order. No, thirty in total with the ten percent that you already have, an additional twenty percent. Yeah, it's totally understandable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I already um. I already hear what you. Say, but let me tell you that we already also give you the delivery fee back. But I will do this. Okay? Yes. Listen, I will give you the 40 percent. Okay? And plus the delivery fee. Yeah, 40 with the 10 is already addition. We'll do 40 in total. Okay? 30, 30, 10 percent in addition, plus the delivery fee, and will be as a one-time courtesy for an indicator for them. Today, okay. You're welcome. Exactly. I will work on your order right now, and I will send you the update invoice in a couple of minutes through your email. You're welcome. Is there anything else that I can do for you today? Thank you for calling us. Have a great day.
