For sure. Okay, so she's definitely terminated. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay, and so, so I just say five thousand two hundred and seventy minus forty forty percent of five thousand seven. Oh, sorry, seven hundred and twenty. Sorry, five thousand seven hundred and twenty minus forty percent of five thousand. 720 is what I owe her. Does that sound right to you? Yeah, you can double check that with your team because that those information can vary. But yes, that is the vested portion of her of her options. Why? And why are you saying that can vary? What what can vary with it? Yeah, so we that's because we cannot give you like the advice like this is the correct amount because we only act as the support agents here, and it's always. Go to the boat check with their team, but that is the the portion vested that I can say. Okay, and and you and great, perfect. That's good enough. Okay, and then what were you doing? You're going to give me a support article. Yeah, I'm checking here for the support article for you. I know that determination support articles, the stakeholders that early exercise some. Let me see that. This is still showing as. These in the, you know, in the screen, it usually has the legend, which has exercised, vested, and terminated, expired. These are all showing up as exercised. Yeah, because they're not. Yeah, but that before it was, but before it was showing me vested and and terminated. And now it's not. So I want to make sure that nothing else has gone wrong in here. Okay, got it. So termination happened, and if you like to double check it, you can navigate to Equity Awards, search for one second. Yep. Uh huh. Yes. Search for and then what? Yep. Search for her name. Uh huh. Once located, you can click on the three vertical dots and click on terminate stakeholder. Terminate stakeholder. Yeah, and then follow through the process one more time, just double check it. But it was done already. Why did it let me do this again? Wait, this says Lyndon Wright has no security. To be terminated. Something has gone definitely wrong. Will. Let me see here. Let me see here on my end. Uh. Terministic holder. What is her termination date? Today. Oh, today. Wonderful. It was voluntary or involuntary? Voluntary. Okay, let me check that. Yep, exactly. It is showing that that she does not have securities to be terminated because ESO three is already terminated. That is what I was trying to double check. So the termination worked. Now the vesting schedule that is showing without the correct legend. I believe that's just an update thing. Like that's just the system loading the correct information. But once that team helps you with correcting, like reflecting the the early exercised options to go back to the pool, it will probably get it corrected. I believe that's the issue. Okay. Okay. But you, you are sure that it was. Yeah, it was terminated. I'm. A hundred percent sure, and you can see that also by because.
