Hello. This is Luis from EasyCare on a recording line. Let me know. How can I help you? 嗯。嗯。 嗯哼，嗯。 hum hum hum hum ok Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh, that will be great. Let me know when you are ready. Okay, idea number one. That should be the one scheduled this Friday at eleven thirty. Correct. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Uh huh. hmm ok ok hum hum Okay, thank you. I just want to confirm. Just to leave here my system, the notes. Could you may have your name, sir? Oh, that—that is your name? Okay, okay, Tita, it's a pleasure, of course. Thanks for letting me know. Let me just contact the customer right now, and of course, ask if they wanted in bags or instead of that, in chief of bags. Correct. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for letting me know. Bye bye. Hello, this is Luis from Missy Cater, and I'm calling you. The reason I'm calling you today is regarding one of the orders that you have placed for this Friday at 11:30. So we just received a call from the restaurant, let us know that I see that you select five deluxe soup platter packs, basically three of them, in order to cover 150 persons. So they are asking me that they can prepare the cookies for each one of the serve. However, they are not going to be fresh. They wanted to basically put all of them, sorry, basically put them in in bags in order to cover the 150 amount. So let us know if you are agree to put them in bags. If not, please we can replace it for chips. For 150 chips instead of cookies. So let us know if that should be the best way to cover. If not, please give us a cover, or just reply to us directly. Thank you. Hello, this is Luis from Easy Cater on a recording line. I'm just following up here about the order that is coming from Firehouse Subs. I just want to make sure I'm speaking with Shiza. Oh, it's a pleasure, of course. So I just, as we mentioned, just following up. I just tried to. To contact the customer used to notified about about the the cookies that you told me before. Unfortunately, I didn't get any reply from them. I tried to contact a couple of times, but they didn't answer the phone. So the the thing that I will do instead is that I will leave them a text message and also an email. And as soon as they have a reply, we will let you know, of course. If you want, you can wait a little bit. So I think we continue having three days. So, but if you wanted to accept it, you can always accept it. But we still waiting a reply from customer. Okay. Thank you. I will do that definitely. So I appreciate your understanding. So thank you one more time, Francois Mical. Bye bye. Bye. 2008年，该市人口为10,000人。
