And go to Account Settings and Settings. You will see the admin that is listed for this one. Wait, wait, wait. I'm sorry, I went too fast. Oh, not okay. Account Settings. Okay, got it. Settings. And so, just as David Kitter, who is the person I work for, is admin. So, yeah. So, in this case, uh. Or your email should be granted admin role, so you should be. In this case, you would be able to merge the accounts. But if he sends an email to us approving us to merge the portfolios, I can do that on your behalf. Okay, because well, the bigger problem is he has his own login, and has accepted certain things before I started working for him, and so I have my own login, and I have different things. But it's all the same thing. It's all his investments. So, the higher level question, which someone else I talked to said it wasn't a good idea to merge them, but I was somebody with Carl the advice. I was yes, yes. I just called the six five oh six six nine eight three eight one number, and told me reasons not to. Merge them, but do you remember the name of the person that you speak with? No, I'm sorry, I didn't take his name. And no worries. But so, okay, so I'm not asking here anything on my end that would stop the merge, but I would have to take a closer look on this and see with my team. You, someone spoke with you about not advising to. Proceed with this merge. Okay. Ah, if I can verify this, do you mind if I put you on a brief hold and I'll be right back with you? Just need to verify something on my end. Okay, be right back. Thank you. Okay, because wait, let me. Okay. Sorry, go ahead. No, it's even more confusing. So I logged into the second. There's two alt option return threes that show up. So I logged. Into the one of them, and it does just have David Kitter as the admin. And I log into the other one, and it has me as the admin. So is it the problem that I'm not the admin on both of them, and it also has somebody who doesn't? Yeah. So no, for the merge, we do need the admin to have the merge completed. So that's why it didn't work for you because. You're not the admin of the other one, so if you did had the admin role on the other portfolio, you would be able to merge them. Okay. So does David Kidder, he would log into his, he would use his login, and then set me as an admin from his account. Yeah, so he would be able to. Give her into you, Admin Rowe. Because in your system, okay, my login I see Alt Option Return Three LLC. David logs in and he sees Alt Option Return Three LLC, and that's the same thing. He's seen what I see. In your system, there's only one Alt Option Return Three LLC. So whether he's he logs in and. If he sees it or I log in and see it, it's the same thing. Yes, exactly. So he won't be able to merge as well because he is not the admin in the portfolio that you are. So either you should be granted admin on the the one that he is, or he should be granted admin on yours. Should be admin on yours. But I can also do that on your and his behalf. I just need the written approval from both of you. Okay, who would we email that to? So I have your information here with me. I can send you an email right after our talk, and and I can also send an email to him asking for. Yeah. Okay. Okay, that'll be the easiest. So send it to both. We'll both say yes. Please do it, and then you'll be able to do it. Yeah. Sure. Okay. Got it. And I will also send an email with you in copies to our. From admin team to advise about the status of the capital call. So I see here that it's two different funds, so that would be two different emails, okay? A lot of emails. Yeah, that's okay. We're going to get it straightened out. Yeah, the capital calls are. There's three of them.
