Thank you for calling Easy Cater. This is Alex on our recorded line. How can I help you? Okay, sorry to hear about the cancellations. And yeah, I'd be glad to help you out. I mean. The ones within 24 hours, I can tell you right away that there is a chance that there may be cancellation fees. It will depend on the on the restaurant. But the ones that are after 24 hours or more than 24 hours, I'm pretty sure that we can cancel them. Let me just verify some details. I'm talking to Jamie. Okay, thank you. So I have an account with your email yet. I see only one order with Saxby's for tomorrow. Okay, I can take a look. It's just that we may need to talk to the account holder to make those type of changes for security reasons. So, so the tax fees for tomorrow—you want to keep it that we have on the U.S. account? Okay. Can you please tell me the? Do you know Ashley's phone number so I can check her account? Thank you. Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much. Okay, I do have an account, and you need to cancel all of the upcoming orders. Okay, I believe I have them. Give me one moment. Okay, so I do have the orders yet. The detail is, I'm sorry to tell you, but I don't see you as an authorized user here to to cancel the order. I'm not sure if she can send us an email from the email that we have listed here. With the order IDs to request to cancel them, and we can go ahead and proceed with the request. She could also cancel and specify that you you will be calling in with your name, your first and last name, and that way we can also make the changes. But yeah, sorry, just that I don't see your name as an authorized user. I'm sorry to tell you. Yeah. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, at least for for tomorrow. The the rest, she could she may still have some time to send us an email or text if it's possible. But or, but yeah, sorry. Uh, you let you tell me. So we should leave it the way they are and wait. In let me tell you one thing. So I was checking the orders, and I see that you are the contact on site for yeah. You are listed as the contact on site for the one with moles and the one with nukes eatery. So I could help you with those. With the flame broiler one, sorry, but I don't have your name here listed. Okay, but yeah, having you as the contact on site, we can go ahead and and help you out. So the only detail is that will be the same condition. The one for tomorrow, I'll need to contact the restaurant to find out if there are cancellation fees, since we are within 24 hours, and the one with new. Eaterie, I can cancel it right away if that's okay. Okay, sounds good. Regarding the the one with Moes, let me give them a call. May I please you hold for a few minutes, or would you prefer for us to follow up via email, text, or give you a callback? Okay, thank you, Albie. Right back to you. Hello, Kim. This is Alex on a recorder line from Easy Cater. How are you doing today? I'm doing fine, thank you. I wonder if you can please help us. We have a mutual customer who has an order for tomorrow. Unfortunately, the event is cancelled. First, we want to let you know about the cancellation, and second, we want to find out if there are cancellations. Cancellation fees—is that something that you can help us with? Yes, it is. Eight one six. Whyasen Yankee four Ziasen Zulu. Okay, excellent. Thank you very much for your help. Do you have any questions? Thank you for your help, and have a nice day. Goodbye. Hello, Jamie. Thank you very much for holding. I appreciate your patience. Okay, so the order with Nuke's Eatery it was cancelled successfully. We're outside the twenty. Four hours, so we're good to go. I just called Mo's, and they also accepted a cancellation with no penalties, so we also canceled it. And the only one that was spending is the one with Flame Roller for Friday. Okay. Absolutely. You're welcome. Any questions or anything else we can help you with? You're welcome. Thank you for calling, and have a nice day. Thank you. Bye.
