Thank you for calling. My name is Kimberly. I'm a member service representative. How can I help you today? Sure. Well, I'll be. Yeah, I'll be happy to look up your program and answer some of those questions. Help you with that. Tell me your name and date of birth. Excuse me. And can you also verify your mailing address for me? Okay. Is the best phone number for you still four zero four three three seven five four five five? And your best email: your first name dot last name at delta dot com. Okay, that is also the email you would use to log into your wellness program on the website delta.sharecare.com or in the app. So let me look at your rewards and tell you what I see on my side. Are you speaking about the 2024 program? Okay, so for twenty twenty four, I do show that you only earned four hundred and twenty five dollars. You did the real age test. When did you have? Did you say you had a physical? Right. Yeah, it's not showing that it ever came through. So with that type of reward, that's a claims-based reward, which means if you used your insurance with Delta at the exam, then they would file that on your insurance. Your insurance would process that claim, then send your reward here to your program with Sharecare. Typically, takes about. Four to six weeks, but it's been past that time, so you could reach out to Quantum, your insurance with Delta, and ask about that claim. Tell them that you're checking on that claim and that you did not receive your reward here at ShareCare. We don't have anything to do with your insurance, so you would need to call them. The number's on the back of your card, or I can give you the phone number if you'd like for me to. Sure. Let me know when you're ready. Okay. It is eight seven seven nine one two one eight two zero. Yes. And they'll be able to help you. Yeah. Did you have any other questions for me today? Okay. Well, thank you for participating in the Delta Wellbeing Program. There's a short survey if you'll stand along. Just one. Okay. No, you're fine. Go right ahead. Now that we don't have a date on those deposits, they tell us sometime. In January for your 2024 program, it should be sometime in January 2025. Did you say you do not have an Optum Bank HSA account? Okay. Yeah. Hmm. You can ask them about it, but I have the number for Optum Bank, and that is actually where your deposit goes. It doesn't go to Quantum to your insurance. It goes to Optum Bank. So let me give you that number also. It is eight hundred seven nine one nine three six one. Yep, and they'll be able to help you to set up your account or to tell you maybe you already have one, you're just not sure. But I. Uh huh. Um. Well, yeah, I'm not sure, but but Quantum is your insurance. Optum Bank is where your HSA dollars sit. Um. And again, I'm not connected with either one of those. Um. We're separate here. Share. Care with your wellness program. It's a a lot lot to keep up with. But if you have any further questions, definitely feel free to give us a call back. Okay? You're welcome. Have a good day. Bye bye.
