Yeah, hi there. My name is Scott. You were cutting out on me a little bit. I didn't catch your name, so I apologize for that. Eric, pleasure to meet you, man. I just put in an order for tomorrow morning, so it's very last minute. I apologize. We do this a lot. We work very last minute in my organization. And I usually set up delivery orders. This one was a takeout order, and I forgot because I don't do this very often that when you put in a takeout order, it doesn't have the box where it's like, like I don't explain this. Normally, when you do the order, if you're doing delivery, it says is somebody else going to be there to pick it up, and you can enter the name of the other person. It doesn't give you that option. For a for for a takeout, but I do have somebody else who's going to be there to pick it up. So I was hoping you could add her name to the order for me. Thank you so much, sir. Um, she goes. Just by a nickname, but I'll give her legal name too in case they want to see her ID or something. Like some people do that. Her nickname is Maite, which is M-A-Y-T-H-E, but her legal name is Maria Figueroa. Thank you, and that would bring me to my second request. I would usually give this about a half an hour for them to notice it. It's 8 p.m. my time, and this place closes at 11 p.m. Since I got you on the phone, would you mind checking with them to make sure that they're going to accept the order? So that because if it's for pretty early tomorrow, if if they don't accept it, I'm going to need to find something else. Thank you, Eric. Perfect. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Um, I'll hold as long as you need me to. I appreciate you. Thank you. I just prefer to stay on hold. It feels simpler at this hour. Thank you. Sorry, the mailbox is full, and there is not enough space to leave a message. To send a message to another subscriber, enter the area code and phone number of that subscriber, or press the star key. To enter your own mailbox. Hello. Ah, hi. Hello. Yes, I can help you. Can let me let me review. Yeah, give me a second. Raisa, Raisa. Yes, we could do it. Uh. Yeah, you can accept it on behalf. And then, what's the location you're picking up? Yes. Okay. Ten forty-five sounds good. Okay. Sounds good. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, sir. And I see that they just confirmed the order. I got the email. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Did Did you let her know? That name is Maite. Okay, okay. I just, I could, I in case I needed to tell her to refer to herself as Maria, but it sounds like either way it'll work. Thank you. Perfect, sir. Perfect. I really appreciate it, my man. You guys have great customer service. Just across the board, I deal with a lot of different companies, and you and our travel agents are just stellar for customer service. I know these calls get recorded, and I just I hope some manager hears this that they should be giving you guys all a raise. I I hope they give you a vacation. They should treat you really well because you guys do great work. Appreciate it, Eric. You have a great one. Yeah. Bye.
