Thank you for calling the Letitia Driveway Benefits Service Center. This is Danielle speaking. Who am I speaking to today? My name is Alexander Wizlaw. I was just on the phone with you guys, speaking with the Eugene, and the call got dropped. I didn't get a call back, and I'm hoping I can pick back up where I was at with him. Okay. Um, I wouldn't be able to transfer you over, but I can further assist you. Okay. Um, and um, it looks like at least from what I'm seeing, were you guys going over an open enrollment correction or election? Yeah, we just added our daughter to our medical vision and dental coverages, and he was just going over the current elections. Okay. Let's see. Here we are. Okay. All right, and then let's see. Do you know where he left? Or did you want me to just start all over? Uh, see, you went over dental and then accidents and illness. You just told me that our daughter was added at no cost to our critical illness stuff, and that's about where I lost it. Okay, and then yes, I do see that the critical illness for children is zero dollars. You do have. The hospital indemnity coverage for $12.21. You have the healthcare flexible spending account for $25 coming out each paycheck, and it's $600 for the year. You don't have the dependent care flexible spending account. You do have the employer-paid, company-paid life, and company-paid AD&D coverage. Those are no extra cost to you. The voluntary employee life, and well, you do have the voluntary employee life, and then you do have the spouse domestic partner life insurance policy for the voluntary employee life. You have the ten thousand plan for forty cents, and then for the spouse, you have the five thousand plan for twenty cents. There isn't any child life insurance. There isn't any voluntary AD&D coverage. You do have the company-paid short-term disability that is a state-paid. Yes, state-paid, and then you do have the long-term disability and the voluntary short-term disability. For the voluntary short-term disability, is four dollars and eighty-eight cents. The long-term disability, it's. Twelve, not twelve, twenty-one dollars and twenty-five cents. And then, as for the pet wellness, commuter transit plan, and the commuter parking plan, you do not have those benefits. You do have the employee assistance program, which is like a therapy or counselor benefit if you're in need of a therapist or a counselor. And then, you do have the company-paid business travel. Accident, life insurance, also covered by the company. Okay. Right. And then, did um, did Eugene provide you a confirmation number? Yep. Okay. Would you like a confirmation number? Yep. Okay. Let me go ahead and see.  All right, and then, well, let me double check and make sure. All right, so there are two confirmation numbers I want to give you. One is for the birth event, and this is for the, um, basically the elections for the dependent in two thousand twenty-four. Are you ready for it? The confirmation number. Yeah. That confirmation number for the birth event is nine eight zero one. And then the other confirmation number. This one is for the open enrollment correction event, basically stating that we did go ahead and add the dependent for two thousand twenty-five. This one, this confirmation number is four five six two. Alrighty, alrighty, and then it looks like that is it for the dependent. Allow seven to ten business days for the carriers to receive the update in regards of the coverage, and they'll activate it on their end. Her coverage. Will backdate, or their coverage will be backdated. Okay. That sounds good. I appreciate it a lot, and have a great rest of your day. Yes, sir. You too, and thank you for speaking with the Olympia and Driveway Benefits Service Center. Have a great rest of your day as well. All right. Thank you. Bye, bye.
