Hi, this is Shakira Mylan, please. This is Lori with Sharecare, and I'm calling on behalf of the Partners for Health Wellness Program through the State of Tennessee benefits. Hi, how are you doing today? I'm doing good. A little bit cold, but I'm doing pretty good. Well, we're giving you we're giving you a call to just kind of go over your program with you. This is something that's already included in your benefits, so there is no out-of-pocket cost for you. And I'd like to take just a few moments to go over everything with you and get you registered for the 2025 campaign. Are you familiar with the Partners for Health Wellness? Have you ever taken part in it before? Okay, so at the end of our. Call today. I will be able to send you over a link that will show you everything: how to set the program up on your devices. It'll give you your communication, your HIPAA, and your messaging preferences. It is free to download from Apple and Google Play. The program does not cost you anything. It's already included, like I said, in your benefits, and you'll be able to go in and do all of that. And then it's going to prompt you into doing your real age test. Once you do that real age test, that's your gating event for the program. You'll see how everything is structured and how everything works. And then the achievement icon, it will show you exactly what all you can participate in under there. So I just need to get you to verify your information for me, real quick, so we can continue. If you would please, I just need. It's a wellness. Uh huh. It's a wellness program. That your insurance company gives you to participate in through the state of Tennessee benefits. So the the wellness program, the coaches, they can help you. You're going to have access to an online experience with a group of our health coaches, and they can help you with anything from like stress management, nutrition, exercise programs. They can also help you with. Weight management and tobacco cessation, and it's just kind of like your own little coach to have you just help you focus just on you. Well, you can give us a call back. That's not a problem. I can send you the link over to the number I'm calling you on, and then you can check the program out and give us a call back. You can also just. Uh huh. Yes, and I'll send that link on over to you right now. Okay, you have a great day. I don't have the access to email it. I can either text it, or if you want to, we can. I can give you the. I can give it to you so you can write it down. Okay, it's super easy. It's just state of T N. dot sharecare dot com. Okay, all righty. Well, you have a great day. Uh huh. Bye bye.
