Now, are there any other dates or quantities that need to be modified with this grant, or is no? Okay, good. Yeah, it's just canceling the rest that are not vested, and then just recognizing that forty one thousand two seventy three. Hmm. Okay, so you're canceling the remaining amount of the grant, correct? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, just accelerating that one portion, and I. I don't know. Do I state the acceleration and then go on to? Is this the right step? State the acceleration first. Got it. So you could. That's a great question. So there's two ways that can be handled on this. Technically, you could partially cancel the option grant itself. That's an option. I know that you mentioned we talked about the termination date before. All the termination date reflects within CARTA is it stops vesting as of the termination date that's entered in the system. Yeah, effectively canceling. Oh, go ahead. Yeah, I was trying to actually partially cancel the option. Oh, okay. I almost went with that route, but it didn't work because there's a one-year cliff. So I think I have to accelerate it and then go cancel. Yeah, you could do that. Okay, so I'm going to save my acceleration and then go back to the same, same, and then go to partially cancel option, Grant. Correct. Yep. I'm hoping it'll be. If it's on the same date, would it? Would that be? If you do that, it will show you what will. Yeah, put 9:15, and if you look on the left-hand side in that window for original option grant, it will show as the amount that's available as of that date, as of today's date. Okay. Well, it's it's saying canceled options should be greater than zero. So if I accelerate it, I actually have to accelerate it, not on the 9:15. 15th day, because if I, or should I do partial cancellation effective day of tomorrow, because it's not recognizing the acceleration that I put. Yeah, let's take a look here. It looks like in the system, partially cancellation effective date. Yeah, I'm seeing 9:15 is only selectable date for the cancellation effective date. If you want, or if you want to hold for me just one moment, I can just reflect the acceleration that you put in in the sandbox environment, or your company's test environment, and then I can run through.
