Oh, in case it doesn't load, there is an alternative that I can assist you with. Let me know in case it's some internet connection issue. No, I'm reloading Outlook. I'm assuming that'll solve the problem. Because I was, did it load? I didn't get it. It, I can see the header, but it didn't load. So I think it's just an outage issue. Okay. I'll try to send you an email myself with the link, so you can go straight up to the account creation workflow. I'm just gonna be really simple in the communication about to write down. Just give me one second. Okay, let's see if it'll load this. There it goes. Log in to access. Okay. Yeah. So, do you see the below this black button? There is um a verbiage or copy this verbiage. Yeah. Copy this link. It's better. Copy that that URL and then go to to back to Chrome. Um and paste it in there. I think it's gonna just um open the wizard, so you can create the account directly. Okay. Yeah, that works. Okay. vai jogar, tá? Tá bem, o que é isso? Não falou nada, vai tentar transferir, né? Ele também não viu o e-mail. Ah, o que é o celular meu? tá não pouco bem ok looks like i got it olha oh não tenta de novo take your time boa gente nunca mais de falar de novo tá tudo bem ok sending code to my mobile um uma amiga minha ok in keep the backup code handy and avoid lock Yeah. If you ever lose access to your device, yeah, you need to enter the eight, just a one-time code to access your account. Huh. Well, what is going on? Okay. Oh, it's asking me to save my backup code. Oh, yep. Please, because in case anything goes wrong with your phone, um, you're only going to be able to log into Cartha for emergencies using one of these codes. The alternative is really contacting the support team and asking them to reset your two FA, which is, you know, if you're in a hurry, it can it take longer than expected. So the codes are going to save your life. Okay, there we go. Enter my code wherever. Okay, so now it looks like I'm to download. Yeah. Okay. A survey might pop up, but we can skip it. Just let me know in case you can see this field called "Select Account" on the upper left corner, close to the carta logo. É mesmo a mandou? Não, tá bom.
