Okay, that's weird. Um, oh, because we don't have the assets entered in here. That's why. Yeah. Did you want to enter that in, or I could put in the same thing? See if we can pass the other test. Um. So the aggregate dollar value of Rule Seven O One shares needs to be less than one million. That must sales less than fifty. Fifteen percent of outstanding shares. Okay, and aggregate less than fifteen percent of that. Okay. Um, yeah. So I'm looking at the same thing you're looking at. So we're basically trying to figure out why they're failing both. Um, and I'm not sure, like, what is pulling from. Does it just pull every? That says is relying on 701, or like what? How do I issue spot? I guess is my question. Yeah, so if you want to go to the equity awards under Rule 701 tab within this report, this is going to give a really thorough breakdown of which specific equity awards are being included as of the state range, and it looks like it's pulling securities issued between these dates. Okay. So when you look at them and you scroll to the bottom, you'll see the the shares. Equivalent or like the grand totals here, so it looks like that value is around 3.8 million for all of these shares, based on the. Let's see, like if I'm just looking at one of these in the ledger itself, let me pull up like ES118. That's just the first one on the list here. Okay. Yeah. So that value is coming from the quantity by the exercise price. So let me. I don't have a calculator. Hold on a second here. Okay. So if we take 11,000 shares and then times it by 0.5. Two, we get yeah that five thousand seven hundred and twenty value. So that that value there is coming off of the amount of shares times the exercise price. Okay. So that's how we're getting like the aggregate dollar value of the Rule 701 shares, and then you'll see like the number itself of how many are actually outstanding. That's seven point four million. Value that we see. Let's see. Companies fully. Let's see. It says aggregate rule seven hundred one. Great, greater than fifteen percent of outstanding shares. So let me take a look at what they, their cap table, real quick. So do they believe like they should not be. Failing? Is that kind of the where that's coming from here? Like it's conflicting. Okay. Okay. And so that when it says the quantity of your Rule Seven Hundred One shares must be less than fifteen percent of outstanding shares, that fifteen percent is excluding shares. Issued under Rule 701. Ah, okay. So it's taking all the Rule 701 shares, and it's saying that number, all shares that are issued or issuable under Rule 701, should be less than fifteen percent of all the outstanding shares that don't, that are not. Relying on Rule 701, right? Oh, it says to pass. Okay, so the company only needs to meet one of the requirements to pass Rule 701. So it looks like they passed that. The third one doesn't apply here, apparently, but they did pass the additional disclosure. Let's see here. Yeah. But yeah, it says the quantity of your Rule 701 shares must be less than fifteen percent of the outstanding shares. Fifteen percent of outstanding shares amount, excluding shares issued under Rule Seven Hundred One. And let's see here. Okay.
