Hello. Thank you for calling Easy Cater. My name is Daniel, and I'm recording line. How can I assist you today? Yeah, the order number, please. Okay, perfect. Let me go ahead and open the order on the system right now. And I'm speaking with Miss Raja. Okay, performance. And how can I assist you with this order? I'm sorry, I can barely hear you. Hello. Hello. Do you hear me now? Okay, I can hear you now. Well, we lost the connection. And okay, how can I assist you with this order? I'm sorry. Okay, let me go ahead and check the information. The chicken wings, correct? The customer select just the wings, the most popular. Okay, just one. Okay, the thing is, the customer, okay, on our menu, the chicken wings, the customer able to select the wings like plain wings, buffalo wings, barbecue, mango habanero, and also they able to request most popular, and that means the restaurant with delivery. The most popular option, and and this is the reason the customer requests the most popular means, Roger. Okay, yeah, because the customer don't request exactly what they want, but they request. Okay, so in that. Yeah. Oh. Okay. I completely. Yeah, I completely understood your point, Miss. Okay. Um. Okay. Ah, ok, me, ok, a morte lato as. I'm facing with that. I'm sorry for the inconvenience with the menu, Miss Raja. And what I can do for you, I go, I go ahead and send to you right now the email menu update, and you're able to send all the information about the prices on on your menu. And the specific team, the menu team, we will help you. And the next one to business day after you send back the email. Um. So. No, no, I don't say you have to do all the job, Miss. I'm so sorry. I completely understood your point, Miss, but unfortunately, it's the process we had to follow up, and in that case, I will share the information to the maintenance team. To see if someone from the menu team can able to reach out to you, for they explain to you better, they give you better information about how you have to change the menu. Yep. Yeah, I'm so sorry, but this process we had to follow means I completely understand.
