There was a merger and an amendment. Yep. So if you have the the amendment document, you will just click on the plus button that you see on the right side. That is going to create a new line for you. I don't see a plus button. Did you click in edit? Oh, now I see edit. Yeah. Perfect. So just click in edit, and you will click in the plus button. It is a black one that is going to create a third line for you. So you just need to type the filing date for this new document, and then you can choose a file from your computer to upload the document there. Okay, and can you help me see exactly which documents I should be uploading? Because ultimately, right now, it's tilt investment SPC and carta, right? There was a new corporation. That was incorporated twelve twenty two twenty twenty two called Tilt Investment Management Holdings PBC, and then in January of twenty twenty three this year, there was a merger filed for Tilt, the current Tilt Management SPC, to merge with Tilt Investment Management Holdings PBC, which is the now the new surviving entity. And then there's amended articles of incorporation for that entity. So there's there's basically three different incorporation or three different files there, and I'm not sure if I need them all or what would you recommend. Um, so you're going to keep your cap table the way that you have, and then add new holders, correct? Yes. Because I'm not sure if I got all the changes that you have. So you have this specific company. And then you had a merge with another one. Yep. Okay. Yeah, because when we have those type of situation, you do have the possibility to pretty much upload the most recent incorporation document that is going to show up the merge, and then you can include that in CADA, or you can work with the account manager that is assigned to your company's account right now, just to see if it is necessary. Necessary to pretty much open a brand new account, so you can start the process from the beginning, or if you can pretty much make the modifications on this account that you already have. So, if you want to keep the account and just perform all the changes that you have from this merge date to to the future, you can keep the account. That's fine, and you will upload pretty much the most recent document that is going to show up for you, all the information. For the merge, and all those changes on your company information. Okay, and then my question is, I need to change the state of incorporation because now it's the new companies incorporated in Delaware, and this this company is currently, or the old company was incorporated in Washington. Is that possible? Okay, yeah. So since you will have to change the state of incorporation, that will be one. Information that we need to connect with the account manager. So the account manager, for those situations, since it is actually a change on the state and also on those documents, they will provide all the guidance and they will also request some information from you so they can change the incorporation state on their side. It is one change that only our staff side will be able to accomplish, but the account manager will have all the details for that. I will. Okay. Let me just take a look on the company's account real quick. I will just get the contact for the account manager. They are not available on this phone call on this phone line, but I can connect to you both via email right now, so you can get all the assistance. And they are going to send also the form that you need to fill out regarding the change of state of corporation, and they will provide all the assistance on how to make those uploads and how to make the updates for your card account. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, of course. So the email address that you have with your card accounts—that a good one to connect to both. Yep. Perfect. Let me just get that information real quick here. 嗯。
