Hello. Yeah, this is Levante with the Clark's Health and Welfare Service Center. I'm glad the pleasure of speaking to today. All right, let me pull it up here. Yeah, give me a moment. My system's lagging. It's not loading for me. I'm trying to get you loaded here.  All right. How may I be of assistance today for you? Yeah. So I had a question regarding the Kaiser California HMO plan. Basically, I signed Kaiser Medical, and I recently signed up for the Kaiser plan through our new employee. And Uh yeah, so your coverage is going to backdate to your start date, which is the sixth, January sixth. Um, it typically takes between five to ten business days from the day that you enroll into coverage for it to be effective. Um, so I see you enrolled into coverage last week, so if you should be, um, in Kaiser system next week sometime. Okay, and and so if I had a previous, uh, Kaiser plan. So, if you had a previous Kaiser plan, it should be you should get updated information, meaning that it'll be updated member ID information because this this plan is specific to Clorox. So, I don't need to call Kaiser. Still, give a call. I'm in advice. It might also be a line specific to Clorox. Let me give you the number that we have here for Kaiser, our Kaiser carrier. Let's get that put up. Okay, the Kaiser plan that I have is a number that I have is eight hundred four six four four thousand. Okay. When you do give a call, I'll say give a call next week to ensure that you're in the system, Tim. But just advise that you're looking for your updated member ID information. Through just the road into coverage with the effective start date of January six through United Health, primarily through Clorox. Correct. Yeah, you typically yeah you typically automatically get that updated, but when you give a call as well, they can also provide you with virtual copies. All right. Correct. Uh, no Vanguard. You would have to reach out directly to Vanguard. I have no insight on your four hundred and one k. Yeah, I don't. I, yeah, yeah, I have no access. I have no insight on your 401k plan at all. The one through Clorox, I have. I have no insight on. Uh, yeah, health and then your other voluntary health benefits, so like dental, vision, any life insurance coverages that you have. I have a bit of insight on those. But 401k, that one specifically, I don't have any insight on. Besides Vanguard and a contact number for them. Okay. All right. All right. Yeah. No problem. Yeah. Let me know you're ready. Uh yeah, it's eight hundred five two three one one eight eight. Yeah, no problem. Um, other than that, any other questions or concerns here for me today? No. All righty. Thank you for giving me a call today, Quality Self-Service Center.
