Thank you for calling. Thank you for calling Brasfield and Gorrie Benefit Service Center. My name is Annika. Can I please have your first and last name? How can I help you today, Mr. Banyos? Yes, sir. How can I help you today? 嗯哼。嗯。嗯。 We can meet on Monday, on Sunday, on Thursday, the 19th. Uh huh. Ah. One minute, one minute, Miss. Hang on, let me pull it up. For you, hang on one second. Let me pull up the information regarding your daughter aging out, so that you'll have some clarity. You're welcome. Hold on. Okay, so when your daughter when did she turn twenty six? Sunday, okay. She will she will have coverage through the end of the month. So yes, so she will fall off. January 31st will be her last day of coverage. She should be expecting a packet from Cobra. Cobra is going. They uh, they usually they send um. And from. Okay. Mm. mhm ok ok mhm yeah it's coverage Oh, okay. Um, actually, uh, it doesn't quite work like that. So what happens is, that Cobra packet that is the insurance that they offer that your daughter. Can pick up until she gets insurance from her employer. We have no way of extending your your your your benefits through Brasfield and Gori. Uh huh. Right. We have way of extending the benefits through them, but she can opt for Cobra until she gets her new job, and then she can pick up new benefits then. If she was at her, if she was at her old job, she could have done loss of coverage, and they could have opened up, uh, given giving her the option to add to benefits if she was currently employed full time, and they uh and they had benefits. But since she she's between jobs, uh, she would just have to wait. She could she could use Cobra, and they'll send the like I said the date. That was probably the package you got. They give you different options of insurance to hold you over until you get more insurance. Uh huh. Uh, Tippet was she? If she no, if she. If she worked for a company that extended full-time benefits, she could have just went to her employer and said, "I just turned 26. I got dropped from my parents' insurance, and that means she lost coverage. And that is what's called a qualifying life event. And under a loss of coverage qualifying life event." Her current employer could have opened up the benefits selections to her. Yes, yes, but it just depends on whether she's working with the full whether she's working full time and has access to benefits. It has to come from her employer, or she can get benefits through like the Affordable Care Act until she gets to her her permanent job. Yeah. Yes. Yes, sir. Uh, let me see. We may be able. I may be able to get you to a second speak because they're the ones that sent out the packet. So I do have a number for them. I can um get you transferred over to them. Would you like that? Okay, no problem. It's gonna, hmm. Yes, are you ready for it? All right, so it's gonna be one eight hundred two four five. Uh huh, eighty eight twenty four. Yes, and it's going to be option two, then option four. Well, not, you know what? Just listen to the menu. You know what? Don't do that. Just listen to the menu. And you want to talk to somebody about Cobra, okay? Okay. All right. So I'll get you transferred over. Is anything else I can assist you with before I get you transferred over? You're welcome, and thank you. So much for calling, Bryceville and Corey Benefits Service Center. You enjoy the rest of your day and your weekend. Thank you, bub. You're welcome. Bye bye.
