Hi, I'm calling for the California tortilla, one two nine five Lincoln Highway. Yes, I got the new. I already have the one order for yesterday, and I just got the received the new order. For the, is there any way you can change the timing? Yes, this is because if you look up those both orders, they won at the same time. You see that? So I just requested like years earlier, so many times when you came or check us before. Like taking order, you know, because same time, like my people, they cannot deliver the same time for the both order, you know. So I just need like a in between, like at least 15 minute window time, so we can manage the both deliveries, you know. Yeah, I'm sorry. What was your question? Yeah. Uh huh. Ah, the one the I one already I got it for the couple days ago. This is. For the and the second one, I got that for the 11:51 Old Yorktown Road. So the customer requests that time for the 11:30. But if you look up my previous order, the the the same customer asked for the same time for 11:30. So my drivers is not going to be have that same time delivery frame. You know what I mean? So if you ask for the new order, customer. So at least they say at least between in the bed driving time like at least fifteen twenty minute window time, so my driver can manage for both delivery, you know. I I think if you do give give me like they're looking for eleven thirty, right? So my driver can manage by eleven forty five to eleven fifty, you know. Yeah, like eleven forty five to twelve, you know. Just do it like that way, you know. Eleven forty five to twelve. That's all. I can hold the line. You can call the customer. You know. Okay, no problem. Hi, you've reached Riley. Please leave voicemail, and I will get back to you as soon as I can. Thanks. Bye.  Hi, you've reached Riley. Please leave a voicemail, and I will get back to you as soon as I can. Thanks. Bye. Yeah, you're welcome. I already accept the order, but I just wanted to make sure. That's all. All right. I'm sorry. No, I, no, I'm okay with that. But just, I wanted to make sure because I don't want to get a customer. You guys said my order, I did not receive my order, and they say, oh, order is gonna be late. You know, I don't want that happen. That's why I'm calling you and letting you know, guys, so you can let the customer know. You know. 一直播呗，珍惜。
