Hi, Ryan. My name is Yuki. I'm calling in because I'm not able to access the the benefits website portal for my organization. The thing is, I forgot my user ID password, so I was trying to retrieve my user ID. It told me it took all the confirmation, and it told me that it has been sent to my email, but I don't see anything on my work email, nor on my personal one. So I'm not sure what's up. Yes, my first name is Yuppi, last name is Sharma. to@metro.com. Okay. Ah. All right. Okay. Let me. Okay. I will. I'm gonna go ahead and try and log in. Yes, please. Good. Oh, okay. Interesting. It did not ask me to update my password because whatever password I remember, I put in. It says that it it is unsuccessful. It just did not take it. Uh, either way, this is fine. You can send it to my work email. That's good. That's uk. Sharma two at lti. Mindtree. Com. That will be great. Oh, so they didn't change it to the new one. Uh huh. Ah, understood. Okay, I did receive. Okay, now I did receive your email for the past. Password reset. I think I'm gonna. I understood your point, so it's just gonna be puducharma2 at mindtree.com for my user ID, and the password I can just go ahead and reset right now. That sounds good. Okay, and another quick question though. I wanted to make sure how the address updates happen for the insurance cards and everything, because if. Been a year or maybe more. I haven't received the physical card. I usually keep the digital copy from the Signa app in my phone for my insurance cards to be used. But I was just wondering if I can have a physical card as well. Ah, okay. Uh, sure. That'll be great because I think there's some mismatch. They haven't been able to fix with my um home address. Can you? Yeah, one fifty fifth place, northeast, apartment five ten, Bellevue, Washington. The zip code is nine eight zero zero seven. Sure. That's two zero two three one fifty fifth place, northeast, apartment five ten, Bellevue, Washington. Is that what you have over the on the file? Interesting. No, that's my old. So that address changed since last year, January, and I've updated my company. I was here at my entry portals last year itself. They show the correct one. I don't know why it has not been trickle down in the system. Once I log into the in the benefits website, can I change it myself, or can you help changing that? Yep. So it has already been updated in the Ultima app last year. I did that last year when I changed addresses, and it's already done. And I see all the the my new address coming up. Everywhere. Okay, it is two zero two three one five five th one fifty fifth. I mean, P L N E apartment. Yeah. Place and E, we usually write it down as P L N E. So, place and E, northeast. Yeah, you can just say it is. It is just written as P L N E, like short for place northeast. That's how they write it down. N E northeast. Like you can give P L space northeast N E. Uh huh. Apartment five ten, Bellevue, Washington. The zip code is nine eight zero zero seven. Uh huh. Yes. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yep. Uh yeah, that's four seven zero. Three zero nine seven seven four zero. Awesome, that's great. Thank you. I appreciate it. Ah, that should be it for now. Awesome. You too. Thank you so much. Goodbye.
