This, Cody. Yes. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh, absolutely. So, but here's the thing: is that when I called on the third, they were already doing that. Then I got a message to call in regards to the reference. Number, and I called, and while I was on the phone with them, they just asked me to resubmit just in case it was an image issue. This was not a resubmission of anything else. So we're already past the seven to ten business days that you guys advised. So basically, because you guys asked for a second copy while I was on the phone with you, just in case that restarted the clock, is what you're telling me. Okay. Uh huh. That was accepted. Mm. Correct. Okay. So here, here's what happened. Is that I went through, and at some point, I was my my wife was verified under my dependents prior to the end of the year. On at the end of the year, I went through and double checked, and then it showed that she wasn't verified. So I called on the third, and they started the process of checking into it because what they advised. Was that my marriage license did not qualify because it was a certificate, and I advised them that that was the only legal document in the state of Oregon. They said that they would start the process to have it reviewed, and that was on the third, and it would take seven to ten business days. Okay, yeah, it probably was the second. I apologize. hmm perfeito. Okay, but I do also have a question: Is why would that have been denied to begin with, or, or first of all, verified then denied? Correct. Uh huh. Uh huh. 嗯。嗯。 Hmm. Okay, and I appreciate that. But and just so you're aware, because I might have said you're the supervisor, right? Um, this is the same one I submitted back in 2016 when I got married, and it was verified then. And then I've had this one ever since then, and I understand. We went through an audit, and I had to some like all my kids were fine. I had no issues with them, and then, but I had to re-verify my wife. Hence, the mortgage statement was added, and then I resubmitted the marriage one, which for some reason this time was not verified, even though it was verified with GMR or with Take Carete charge before. So, I'm not sure why the exact same document. Would have been unverified all of a sudden, and I'm saying that's a different level for you guys. But I'm just letting you know that's that's the confusion part. Is that it was credible before, but not at. Yeah, and just so you you guys are aware, is that the state of Oregon that that is the license, the certificates are. Ceremonial. They're they're not a legal document in Oregon. Yeah, you know, like the the decorative ones that are pretty. Those are those are not a legal document. Those are just certificates. Where the one that I have, you can on it, it shows DHS Department of Health Services. And then has the county clerk on it and everything. No problem. Yes. Thank you very much. Perfect. No big deal. Everything's okay. My wife only goes on my dental, my vision, but it is something that I want to make sure got corrected before we ran out of time. And that's fine. And I just want to add one more thing. Whoever I talked to on the tenth. Was absolutely amazing and helpful. No, I I appreciate it, and I know sometimes when we go through the, I mean, we we on the customer side gets frustrated, which causes frustration for everyone else. But they were very calm, very professional, and I just wanted to make sure to share that. All right. Well, thank you. You do the same, but.
