Hi, may I speak to Robert Vakaro, please? Hi, Mr. Vakaro. My name is Ryan. I'm with Granger Benefits Center for your protection. This call is being recorded. Is this a good time for you to speak right now, Mr. Vakaro? Yes. Okay. So I'm giving you a call. I'm about the ID cards that you got that's supposed to be just for your spouse only. Yes. All right, so I was reaching out to you to let you know that there is there's like a known issue that's going on with the Blue Cross Blue Shield file for Granger and retirees that are covering their spouses only that are under 65. Currently, right now, that ID card that you have that has your name on it, it does show your name, but that is going to be the card that your spouse is going to be using. She is a covered dependent. And she also will file claims with that ID card, even though it has your name on it as well. Now, with that being said, we are currently working on getting like new ID cards sent out that actually show, you know, her name, because the plan is for her, you know, through Granger. But it's expecting to take like five to six weeks. So while you wait for the new card, she's going to use the card that has your name on it. Okay. Now, he is scheduled to get what work done in about two weeks. So that shouldn't be a problem, because that's how we schedule appointments. Correct. It should not be a problem. Yes, that's correct. We, you know, the lab says, "Oh, well, you know, not for me. We won't accept. There's any objection to that card. Any documentation that I might be able to obtain to make sure that I have backup." Contact anyone that you can. Yeah. So, whenever she gives the ID card, she's going to show up as a dependent. So, she's going to be able to be. She's going to be able to use it. Now the only now the only way you would the only way you would have issues is if she didn't show up on that card at all, like not as a dependent or anything. Like I said, this is a this is an issue that's been going on already. So yeah, so so that that's what she's going to use. Okay, so I let me ask you about the other. I'm understanding this question, so the other people. Yes, yes, sir. That is something that's going on for other retirees as well. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Says it can take from five to six weeks, but we're hoping it's a bit faster. We just wanted to follow up with you, just to let you know what was going on and things like that. Of course, Mr. Vicario. You uh, you have a good one today. Okay. Yes, sir. Bye. Bye.
