Hello. I ordered flowers to be delivered today, and then I just got an email saying, "Oh, I'm sorry, your flowers are delayed." When I don't understand this, like this, I need to stop using you guys because last time you delivered flowers and they weren't anything that I ordered, and then you had to resend the flowers, and now. It's her birthday today. She's seventy nine, and she's not going to get her flowers till Monday. I'm irritated. It's four three two six zero six zero zero zero. It just. It's Laura or Lori Lister. Is Florence Henderson? What's that? Yes, for the birthday. For the birthday. Yes, correct. Why? Why tell me that they can be delivered today if they can't be delivered today? I would have never ordered them. Okay. 嗯。 Okay. All right. Yes. So, why why are they able to deliver them on Monday, but they're not able to deliver them today if it's a non deliverable area? That's that's just ridiculous. I mean, I would have just called a florist then in Pensacola. And had them just personally do the bouquet and send them. I didn't. I. I'm so irritated, and now she's. And now she's going to think I forgot about her, and I didn't forget about her, and. Ah. How much? How much? How much did you charge me for delivery? Do the I'm sorry, I didn't get that. But that's not. That's not going to make them. Yeah, that's it. Is what it is. That's fine. I mean, you're not going. They're still not going to get there today. And what's what's so? What's the refund total come out to you then? I mean. You don't pay seventy five dollars for flowers for them not to show up. How much? I'm sorry. How much? Twelve dollars. You need to tell one eight hundred flowers that they need to do better because that's ridiculous. Don't offer, don't offer that the delivery date can happen if it can't happen. I mean, one eight hundred flowers has been in business for how long? So they should know who in Pensacola can deliver flowers and who can't, right? Am I right? Yes, they should know that. They've been in business a long time. And I will be doing a another. View on you guys, and I don't know that I'm going to use you again in the future. So this is ridiculous. All right, sir. Yep. Nothing I can do about it. Yep. Bye. No, there's not actually. Bye.
