Hi, John. This is Melissa Alcaraz. I was just on the phone with somebody who was being very helpful, and I accidentally hung up the call. You probably can't get me back to that person, which is fine. Yeah. Yeah, this is about my appeal for no go flex benefits. I sent a letter in on January ninth. Doesn't seem to have any. Nobody can confirm that they received it. So I guess my only option here is just to refax it again. The problem is that every week that passes by, I'm putting more money into my HSA, and that's kind of like the whole problem here. Is that I didn't my health savings account. I'm sorry, my health spending account. I thought it was a health. Savings account, and I'm a new employee, and I accidentally enrolled in something that I need to try to get out of. Yeah, there is no health savings. There is no health savings account for for my benefits specifically. Which is fine. I just that's why I just need to cancel this all together. Yes, I do. I'm gonna. I'll decide it again on Monday. Okay. All right. Thank you. Go ahead. Go ahead. She was checking one other system to see if the the appeal. If she's. Could find the appeal somewhere, but that was it. But I'm I'm pretty certain that it's just not there. But you're saying that if they do grant the appeal, they'll just give me the reimbursement. Yeah. Okay. That's okay. I mean, I'm not even. I I put in my letter, like if they can just cancel it. If I get, you know, if if the appeal goes through and in my favor, I'm okay with just a cancellation, and then whatever's in the health flexible account is fine. I'm just not going to be able to spend three, you know, God willing, three thousand dollars in a year, because it was a mistake. Like I said, I thought it was, you know, what I thought it was. I thought it was something that was going to stay with me forever. Um, so anyway, um, okay, perfect. I will. Um, I'll resend the notice. On Monday, I know you guys are closed, but I, you know, have access to an extract machine on Monday. I'm going to do that then, and then just kind of focus from there. No, that was it. Thank you. You too. Bye. Bye.
