Oh, in case it doesn't load, there is an alternative that I can assist you with. Let me know in case it's some internet connection issue. No, I'm reloading out. Look, I'm assuming that'll solve the problem. Because I, I was, did it load? I didn't get it. Um, it, I can see the header, but it didn't load. So I think it's just an out issue. Okay. I'll try to send you an email myself with a link, so you can go straight up to the account creation workflow. I'm just gonna be really simple in the communication about to write down. Just give me one second. Okay, let's see if it'll load this. There it goes. Log in to access. Okay. Yeah. So, do you see the below this black button? There is um a verbiage or copy this verbiage. Yeah. Copy this link. It's better. Copy that that URL and then go to to back to Chrome, um, and paste it in there. I think it's gonna just um open the wizard to create the account directly. Oh, okay. Yeah, that works. Okay. vai fazer um cadastro de chamamento não falou nada vai tentar transferir né ele também não viu o e-mail ah o teu celular meu tá não pouco bem okay looks like i got it oh no let's try that again take your time. boa gente não gosta mais de falar de ouro tá tudo bem ok sending code to my mobile um é uma amiga minha ok in keep the backup code handy and avoid lock. Yeah. If you ever lose access to your device, yeah, you need to enter the eight, just a one-time code to access your account. Huh. Well, what is going on? Okay. Oh, it's asking me to save my backup code. Oh, yep. Please, because in case anything goes wrong with your phone, um, you're only going to be able to log into Carta for emergencies using one of these codes. The alternative is really contacting the support team and asking them to reset your two FA, which is, you know, if you're in a hurry, it can it take longer than expected. So the codes are going to save your life. Okay, there we go. Take my code wherever. Okay, so now it looks like I'm to download. Yeah. Okay. A survey might pop up, but we can skip it. Just let me know in case you can see this field called "Select Account" on the upper left corner, close to the carta logo. é mesmo não mandou não tá bom
