Thanks for calling Aurora Signature Benefit Center. This is Taylor. Who am I speaking to today? Hello, Miss Evans. What can I help you with today? Yes, ma'am. What's the case number? Right. Thank you. Give me one moment as I read through the notes. Okay, so in regards to the dental, so it says here that you were informed that your orthodontic coverage had been previously used by another insurance and was being built by a different group. Okay, so that call back that was done to you, it was to ask. Who you're inquiring about, and did that person have orthodontic treatment? Okay, for a daughter, and she did not have any orthodontic treatment done. Ortho treatment. Submitted a claim, but she did have orthodontic treatment done with them for invisalign. So then the insurers have now total paid like a portion of the bill, but Jane didn't cover the rest of the bill, stating that I had that she had previous orthodontic treatment done before they took over the policy. Previous treatment. Done before they took over policy. Okay, so so you're wanting to have the insurance that you have now pay for the rest of the treatment that was done? Yes, so they're receiving to pay for the rest of the treatment because they're claiming that he had previous or had done his treatment done before they took over the policy, and they're. Claiming they got this information from you guys, she told them to apply it to the time that I had. Can't plan out. Okay, insurance is refusing to cover rest of treatment. That's it. Was done before they took over policy. Okay. Okay. Um. So I'll add this information in, and it looks like there will be another callback from Carlene within 24 to 48 business hours. All right. Did you have any other questions or anything else you would like for me to add to the case notes? No, that's it. All right. There's nothing else. Thank you for calling Aurora. Signature Benefit Center. I'll hope you have a good rest of your night and weekend. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.
