Hi. We got a call about Educator. Matthew. Oh, okay. Hold on one second. Let me get my boss. The holidays are here, and now's the perfect time to start collecting gifts for your family and friends. From November 13th through December 31st, when you buy a gift card in any increment of $50, you will receive a $5 promo card that you can redeem between January 2nd and January 31st, 2025. And if you are a Deli Dollars loyalty member, you can earn an additional $5 bonus if you are checked in when you make your purchase. So. Come in and buy a fifty-dollar gift card, and get up to ten dollars in bonus cards through December thirty-first. You can join online at JasonsDeli.com or on our app. Of course, there are some limitations, so please see our terms and conditions and Deli Dollars FAQ for all the details. Promo and bonus cards are valid from one two twenty-five to one thirty-one twenty-five. Deli Dollars bonus only available on in-Deli purchases, not online. Fall is here, and we're bringing in all your favorite flavors. Starting with our new Harvest Turkey Sandwich. It's a serving of smoked turkey topped with Munster cheese, red onions, field greens, and mayo, all nestled within two slices of our new cranberry sweet potato ciabatta bread. And for those who like a bit of nostalgia, we've got our classic Applewood Smoked Turkey Sandwich. It's a classic turkey sandwich with applewood smoked turkey, melted cheddar cheese, and a tangy applewood smoked apple. Nostalgia! We're bringing back our Southwest Chicken Chili for a limited time. Tender chunks of chicken mixed with kidney beans, red chili, cilantro, and jalapenos, and topped with cheddar cheese and diced red onion. This chili is perfect for those brisk autumn nights. Satisfy your sweet tooth with one of our two limited-time offer fall desserts. Our pumpkin spice coffee cake is a fan favorite, available by the slice or as a whole cake. It's the perfect gift for clients and employees alike. For something a little sweeter, try our carrot cake. Spiced carrot cake with shredded carrot and pineapple throughout, and topped with cream cheese frosting and walnuts. The holidays are here, and now's the perfect time to start collecting gifts for your family and friends. From November 13th through December 31st, when you buy a gift card in any increment of $50, you will receive a $5 promo card that you can redeem between January 2nd and January 31st, 2025. And if you are a Deli Dollars loyalty member, you can. Earn an additional five-dollar bonus if you are checked in when you make your purchase. So come in and buy a fifty-dollar gift card and get up to ten dollars in bonus cards through December thirty-first. You can join online at JasonsDeli.com or on our app. Of course, there are some limitations, so please see our terms and conditions and Deli Dollars FAQ for all the details. Promo and bonus cards are valid from one two twenty-five to one thirty-one twenty-five. Deli Dollars bonus only available on in-delivery purchases, not online. Fall is here, and we're bringing in all your favorite flavors, starting with our new Harvest Turkey Sandwich. It's a serving of smoked turkey topped with Munster cheese, red onions, field greens, and mayo, all nestled within two. Slices of our new cranberry sweet potato ciabatta bread, and for those who like a bit of nostalgia, we're bringing back our Southwest chicken chili for a limited time. Tender chunks of chicken mixed with beans, red chili, cilantro, and jalapenos, and topped with cheddar cheese and diced red onion. This chili is perfect for those brisk autumn nights. Satisfy your sweet tooth with one of our two limited-time offer fall desserts. Our pumpkin spice coffee cake is a fan favorite, available by the slice or as a whole cake. It's the perfect gift for clients and employees alike. For something a little sweeter, try our carrot cake. Spiced carrot cake with shredded carrot and pineapple throughout, and topped with. Cream cheese frosting and walnuts. The holidays are here, and now's the perfect time to start collecting.
