So I think it's doable. I just don't know where the issue is in my on my side. It's just not reading. There's a valid, a valid FMV. Um, let's see. Let's go ahead and just go ahead and try a box. Yeah, probably just consult to, but but the company really wanna issue this this. Consent right now, but it's a combination of a lot of things. Yeah, yeah, um, yeah. I'm just looking. I'm just confirming here with the team just to see what they they've said. Because you're right. Yeah, there is like a template for it, so it seems like it should be it should be possible. But we're yeah, we're still getting that error. Um. Sure.  So, what's the solution here? Yeah, so sorry, just I was just reading, just trying to catch up here to see if anyone reported this issue or to see if it ever happened. Yeah, it does seem like it. I mean, I think like the quickest. Solution would be to remove the option grants. Otherwise, I can, I can, you know, I can submit a. I could have to submit something to our engineers, and they'd have to look into it. And that could take, you know, I don't know if we'd have an answer by by the end of day today. Yeah. Take a couple days. So the easiest or quickest way would be to remove the equity awards. Prove the consent for the 401A, and then send another consent for the for the awards. Yeah. I'm sorry, there was some. Communication there, I think it. I mean, it should be possible. There's just. But it should be possible, Tyler. You know what I'm saying? Because you created the template in this, you shouldn't be creating a template when it's not doable, right? Yeah, so that's that's where it's it's probably like an issue on the back end that we need to fix. So I guess that's what I'm saying is it will take a little bit. What I'm why I'm pushing that because it will be administratively. There'll be some administrative issues with the board members. You know, I'm sending out. To consent for them, technically, there we informed them that they could do it at once. You know, I get, I get. That's where I'm at right now. You know. Yeah, and I get, I get where you're at. The consent of the board is they sometimes pissed off. You know. Totally, totally. No, I and I, I hear you, and I'll, like I said, I'm happy to to move forward with the escalation. I, I, I can't, for sure, I can't fix it though. That's out of my hands. Something that the engineers would need to fix, and so. I'm happy to. I can definitely send the case right now, but I just don't know that we'd get a response by today. You know, it'd probably be sometime next week. Yeah, that'd be crazy, bro. Yeah. There's no like, there's no like, like. If you want, I mean, I can, I can escalate it right now, and let's see what, see if I get a response by today. If I don't get a response today, then that, that may have. That may have to be their workarounds, or like we may have to just issue it separately.
