Karen Jansen. I started here a year and a half ago in a very busy job. I sort of quickly did all of the paperwork, and I have two questions. Number one, says my retirement is teasers. So that means that I didn't go into Fidelity or TIAA. Is that right? Okay. Okay, and. What what is teasers compared to? So all my other previous organizations that I worked for are in TIAA. So, what does teasers mean? I guess.  I remember going to briefing after briefing, and and I thought I had intelligently chosen, but then all these things came around recently about TIAA going moving from Fidelity, and then I was panicked because I didn't actually have that. It appears so. Kind of confused. That's the longer question. I have a shorter question as well.  Okay, I see. I see that it's irrevocable. So what I'm in, I'm in, and so whatever error I made is my bad. So I'm just not going to worry about it today. I guess my only question is, sorry. The only other thing was, you know, I know through like TIAA, they match. The employer matches, but in teasers, do they match, or do you know that? Okay. Okay, I will look into that when I have a little bit more time. So, my second question is: vision. I. It says. It says that I have vision support, but it doesn't say I med. So now I'm not sure what I get or where I have to go to get new glasses. So, so I am on in I med. I don't have I don't have a card or a number or anything for that coverage. Yeah, that's the question. I didn't get cards, so I wasn't sure if I actually had it. It's a year late for me to be doing all this, but here we are. I so I was in a temporary place, and then I moved. So I'm just not sure. Okay, is there a way to go onto the system and print out my number, or at least so that I desperately need glasses? I'm just trying to take care of that. Okay. Okay. So their website then is. All one word, okay. NC Flex, okay. And then do I just enter like my employee ID or something to find me? Okay, so that should work. Okay, perfect. Thank you so much for the very dumb, naive questions and the good answers. No, that's it. Have a great weekend. Bye.
