Yes, this is Charity Hayes. I was wondering, is there any way I can get a total of how much I have in my four hundred one k? Okay. Um, you can transfer me, and then I'll write down their number too. Hold on one second. Let me get you still here. Hello. Okay. Um, what's their number? Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Can you transfer me as well? Okay. Uh, no, that's it. Thanks. Hello. So that I can look up your account information, please enter the last four digits of your social security number on the keypad. Now, enter or say your five-digit zip code. So that I can finish looking up your account information, please enter your nine-digit social security number on the keypad. Now, please enter your four-digit PIN. If you don't have one or don't know it, press star. Please note our menu options have changed. I'll take you through the process to create a PIN. To do that, I need to validate your account. You'll need to provide your hire date or your plan number. Your plan number can be found on your statement. First, please enter the two-digit month of your hire date. If you would rather enter your plan number, press two. Sorry, I didn't understand that number. Please enter the two-digit month in which you were hired. Next, please enter the four-digit year of your hire date. Now, please enter your date of birth using two digits for the month, two digits for the day, and four digits for the year. Finally, please enter your five-digit zip code. Great. I've successfully validated your account. Next, I'll ask you to create a new PIN for yourself. A valid PIN contains four digits, and you should choose a number that you'll remember. However, for security reasons, you cannot use the last four digits of your social security number, or sequential numbers such as one two three four, or repeat the same number four times, such as one one. One one. Please enter your new four-digit PIN. To confirm your change, please re-enter your new four-digit PIN. Once you successfully change your PIN, you will be able to access the Voice Network. Your. Your PIN has been successfully reset. As of Thursday, January sixteenth, two thousand twenty-five, your total balance is ten thousand seven hundred twenty dollars and fifty-one cents. In your Universal Music Group. 401k plan. 420. Nice. Hello. Okay, I don't see any pending activities. Now, in just a few words, tell me the reason for your call. You can say things like, "What's the status of my loan?" or, "I want to hear my account summary."
