Thank for calling. Take care. Take charge. Benefits Center. This is Eugene speaking. Who am I speaking to today? My name is David Lane. Gotcha, sir. And how may I assist you today, sir? Okay, so I, when I. Signed up for my benefit. I asked to verify my dependent. I verified all of my dependents. Some of it got kicked back. I contacted you guys and sent them the information, and I did not know that my wife had actually gotten the claim due to they don't like the fees. So anyway, so if you guys would have help, then anyway, I. Somebody's going to be using health health insurance. Somebody I spoke to said I had to send in a message to the conversation, trying to get to to get them to allow me to leave it by mid-December. Anyway, when somebody got back to me on the chat, it was like the message that I needed to require them with to. So, 1040 form is the page, one of the pages of your tax return, your federal filed tax return. Gotcha. So, do you have access to the benefit site? So, when you log in on the home page, you should see a black banner that should give you the option to upload documentation. If you do not see that, then you will have to fax that document over to the benefit center. Fax number I can definitely provide for you over the phone. You see that online? Yeah. So, absolutely. Documentation review does take ten to four—sorry, seven to ten business days from the upload date. So, if you upload it today, allow at most that time frame for documentation review. After which, definitely reach back out, and whoever you're speaking to should be able to confirm if it's sufficient or not. Now, that being stated, looking at your accounts, that's. See, I would advise that you link in the marriage certificate case as well, like document on that, so it links with the 1040 form. We did get; it should automatically do do it as well, because you know you uploaded your marriage certificate right around opening Roman's timeframe, that 1127, so automatically should. But better safe than sorry. I would. Are you uploading that right now? Oh, gotcha. But yeah, now it has to be your most recent ten forty form. So nothing older than twenty three. No, gotcha. Now, you don't. Also, just so you know, you don't have to do the 1040 form. You can do proof of joint ownership or debt dated within the last 90 days that must also have your name and your spouse's name on it. So, an example would be a mortgage or lease agreement, utility bill, insurance bill, credit card bill, or if you have a joint bank account, you can upload a joint bank statement. Nothing older than 90 days, and it must have your name and her name on it. But it's either the 1044 or that. Gotcha. Gotcha. Gotcha. Gotcha, sir. Gotcha. All right. Well, was there anything else I could assist you with today? Gotcha, gotcha. Well, thank you for calling. Take care. Take charge. Benefits Center, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day, sir. My pleasure.
