Yes, Louis. We just received an order. We haven't accepted yet. It's for Friday, and customer has requested. You know, it's for 150 people, and the platter we have set up. It's cookies, and then gallon of juice, and then sandwiches. But the problem they're facing is we come in like nine o'clock to start the order, either to prep it. So their timing is eleven thirty. So we can make the food, but the problem is going to be the cookies. The cookie has to be baked fresh, if, and it's going to take a lot of time to bake hundred and fifty cookies. So because cookies first, it takes fifteen minutes to bake it. And we have one oven which takes 18 cookies at a time. So if I bake, let's say, 18 at a time, 15 minutes just take to bake it, and then at least 10 to 15 minutes to cool it down. So you are talking about hours, hours worth of work. So we are going to ask if customer requests, we can provide them famous, famous cookie pouches, 150 of them, if the. Don't want that. The another option we can do is instead of cookies, because chips is the same price, we can replace it with the chips. So I can give them 150, you know, chips bags if they want to do that, and mix them up. If they don't want to do that, then if they still want the cookies, then it's not going to be the freshly baked. We have to get the famous, famous, famous little packs. They're either linen cookies that we can provide them, 150 of them. So whichever way they decide, you can call them and ask them about that. I can give you the order number. Okay, Z as Zebra, F as Frank, number three, V as Victor, R as Rose, and number eight. Yeah, I haven't accepted order. You can confirm with them. The cookies we can provide them, but it's not going to be baked freshly because it takes a lot of time to bake 150 cookies. We can provide them bags, like small bags. Famous, famous cookies are linen cookies, if any, whatevers are available. If they don't want that, then we can. Do is what they call, you know, chips bag of chips because the same price we can replace with the chips. So whichever they like, because they are getting only gallons of juice, sandwiches, and the cookies. What we have in the platter setup. So if they want to give them both options, first talk to them if they want to have bags of cookies that, you know, chocolate chip ones, all of them, and because we're not going to have assorted in that. It's going to be all chocolate chip cookies and a small bag, either linens or famous famous, any of them. And the second option, if they say no, then we'll tell them that they do provide us other option. That if you want to replace it with bags of chips, we can provide you 150 bags of chips. So once you decide that, call me back. I'm on this same number: three zero one three four one. Seven thousand. And let me know right now, so accordingly we'll work on that order. Okay. Z. Z as zebra. Yeah, Z. Everybody call me Z. Short name. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Call. Call me back. Okay. All right. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Has been forwarded to an automated voice messaging system. Seven five seven five three two five three five zero is not available. At the tone, please record your message. When you finished recording, you may hang up. Or press one for more options. To leave a callback number, press five.  Hello. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Hmm. Okay. So, what do you want me to do for the order? Accepted or rejected? Whatever. What should I do? Okay, so I'll I'll wait. So not accepted or rejected, but we'll wait. No problem. Okay, bye bye. No problem. 嗯。
