For calling Easy Cater, this is Gerardo on a recording line. How can I help you today? The one for Limon Rositeri? I'm so sorry that that happened. One moment, please, and let me access the order, Missora. I just found the order. I will need to reach out to the store if they can deliver the the missing empanadas, or are you looking to have a refund instead? Okay, no problem. Okay, let let let let me reach out to the store and see if they can deliver the missing items. I'm so sorry for that. Would you like to be on hold, or would you prefer? Call back. No problem. One moment, please. Hello, this is Gerardo from Easy Cater on a recording line. I'm calling you regarding an order that was picked up today. Let me know when you're ready for the order number. Okay, perfect. Order number is X. To E, to JK. The customer says that she received the order, but she's missing two dozens of empanadas, and she would like to have those items delivered. We would like to know if the store can deliver the missing items. Unfortunately, we cannot send another driver. It's not possible for the store to pick to deliver the missing items. The customer is not too far. They on one nine seven zero Broadway, Suite three hundred, zip code nine four six one two. Less than a mile away from the store. About five minutes driving. Suite three hundred, Auckland, seat code nine four six one two. The name of the building is Holland Partner Group. Holland, yes, H O L L. A and D, partner group. Are they missing? It only says empanadas are dozen most popular. If you want to, I can stay on hold. The customer is on the other line waiting, also. Thank you.    Ten minutes, perfect. Can I have your first name just for my note? Pedro. Also, the customer add a phone number for the driver. Let me know when you're ready. Ready for the call? Is is Dora Flores six five zero? Yes, six five zero seven seven one zero seven one seven. Dora Flores. Okay, no problem. I will inform. They call me right now. Bye bye. Hello, Miss Ora. This is Gerardo from Easy Cater. I'm calling you regarding the missing items from Limon Rotisserie. The store says that they will be there with the missing items in ten minutes. I'm so sorry for the inconvenience. Anything else that I can do to assist you? No, no, it won't be tracked because it will be a driver from the store. Yes, ten minutes. But they have, I provide your delivery address and also your phone number. Awesome. Anything else that I can do to assist you? Okay, no problem. If you have any more questions or concerns, don't hesitate to give us a call back. You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. Take care. Bye bye.
