Information within your account, but when the company generates the form, it I'm checking on on the browser version of your account, but there would be a drop down for documents, and I'm currently not seeing that on my end for your holdings. Yeah, same thing with mine. So just a 10.99, yeah. Like I'm more than happy to clear up any confusion, as well as to provide information on how the company could generate the form 3921 through. Carda, but it's up to the company to generate it within their platform. It's not something that we will automatically do on their behalf. So let me let me take a look here. I'm just going to review your exercise history. Give me one moment. Sure. It looks like the transactions you had were primarily in April twenty. First of 2022, it looks like for those for those exercises. So let me take a look here. I don't recall. I I want to say was actually in 2021, but I could be wrong. Let me take a look here. It was 2022. Yep, I'm just going to review over the history. Just bear with me if you don't mind. I just want to make sure that I can provide as accurate as. Information as possible for you, so let me confirm a few details. Yeah. I'm gonna take a look at the transaction history on your account too, because I'm wondering if it. Let's see. Might if I put you on a small hold here, Sean? I'm just trying to compile as much information as possible. You got it. Thanks. Thank you.  Oh, that's. Okay, are you still with me, Sean? I'm here. Okay. So I do see statements that's on the company's end for the form 3921. What I would want to do for you is more than happy to provide instructions and stay in contact with you, Sean, on this matter. But I feel like it would be appropriate to kind of cumber over. So I see documentation or information related to the form 3921 on the company's end. It's. Still, the responsibility of the company to push that information to holders' accounts or deliver those statements. So there may be a possible disconnect on what happens with those forms and its delivery. Do you mind if I send over information to you that you could forward over to the payroll person that you're working with? Yeah, actually, if you don't mind, I can try to patch you in. Can you hold on one second, please? Yeah, of course. Thank you. One second. Thank you, Sean. Hey Connor, is that correct?
