Hi, thank you for calling the operator. My name is Sandy, and I'm recording line. How can I help you? All right, I do understand your concern. I will try to help you, Sam. Just to just to confirm, you don't have the order number because I need the order number to pull it up. Are you a driver from the restaurant? Can you provide me, please, the restaurant phone number so I can try to pull up the order by? The order history. Oh, I see. All right, yeah. In this case, for me to be able to pull up the order, I need the order number. I might be able to pull it up with the restaurant phone number because with the restaurant phone number, I can try to pull up the order history. Other way, I don't have any other option to pull up the order if you don't. Have the order information, Sam. Do you have the restaurant phone number or the restaurant's address? On what is the restaurant name? All right, let me go ahead and try to pull it up here. One moment. And you don't even have the customer's name or anything, right? All right, I'm trying to find the restaurant. Give me one second, please. Thank you. Let me go ahead and try to pull it up. One moment. All right, this telephone number that you gave me is for the rest. Restaurant B. The number that he gave me is for a different restaurant. Yeah, on the system, that number is. Showing for a restaurant named Plan B. Let me go ahead and try to pull it up, dear friend. One moment. I'm still trying. One moment. And you said, just to confirm, you said the address is nine three three. Forth Drive, Silver Spring, Maryland two zero nine one zero. Okay, let me check again. All right, and just to confirm, is this for an EasyGator order? Because I'm not seeing that location showing up on my system. It's not showing up as an active location here. Let me try to find for it manually. Give me one second. And what was the total on the order? All right. I was able to find an order from Badass Breakfast Burritos for tomorrow. Pick up tomorrow at 10:33 a.m. Is that the order? Yes, that's what I have here. The subtotal, seven hundred dollars, for five of the best boxes. All right, I have the order here. What information do you need? All right, the order number is going to be six digits with numbers and letters. Let me know when you're ready, please. All right. It's going to be the letter E as an elephant. The number eight. The letter P as in Peter. The letter P as in Peter again. The letter E as an elephant. The letter E as a uniform. No, the last one is the letter U as a uniform. The delivery address is one four six zero one, Switzer Lane, Switzer Lane.  Laurel, Maryland, and the zip code is two zero seven zero seven. No, there is no suite number. The contact person on the order is the name is Wilson, Wilson, and the phone number is four one. Five, two nine seven, three zero one eight. Yes, that is correct. No worries. Can I try to help you with something else? No worries. Have a great day, and thank you for your patience, Baker.
