Okay. My name is Michelle Massini. Um, there seems to be a mistake with my health insurance benefits. Um, I was expecting. Well, I tried to make a doctor's appointment for an ultrasound, and they called me back, and they said that um. My health insurance was coming back rejected, and like I don't know why, because I completed the enrollment, the re-enrollment process in the fall, and I've been paying for it weekly through my paychecks. So I don't know like what the problem is, but I need it rectified immediately because I have to have these doctor's appointments. Taken care of. Is there any way you can help me with that? Why? Why? Why is the medical coverage? It's been coming out of my. It's been coming out of my check every week up until January tenth. Seventy-four dollars every week. Okay, well, no, there is medical coverage because I've been I re-enrolled for it, and I've been paying for it, so I do have medical coverage. So why do you guys have it listed if I don't? Right. No, I'm not. I'm not concerned about what's being deducted. I've been paying for my medical insurance, and you're telling me that there's no health coverage. So the problem isn't on my end; it's on yours. Okay. I com I completed. Yes, I did. Yes, I did. What do you mean? Okay, I completed the enrollment process, and you and I've been paying for it every single week for the last year and a half. So I don't understand why. All of a sudden, I don't have you guys have me listed as not having coverage as of November 16th, which is well after I completed the reenrollment process, and it also happens to be the date that I was admitted into the hospital. I find that really ironic. No, I I did sign, but I did sign up because if I didn't, I wouldn't have vision and dental, because I I picked all three options—the health insurance, the vision, and the dental—all at once, and I've been paying for all three from last year, January first, when my health insurance started. All the way up until January tenth of this year. So, like I said, there's been a mistake, and the problem is on your end, not on mine, because I did what I was supposed to do, and I've been paying for it. So, so if you can't, if you can't help me, transfer me to someone who can, because, like I said. I've already. All right, who do I have to call? I called HR and they transferred me to you because they said you are the people who need to to fix this problem. Because they they show. Yes, I. I did sign up for it. And I can prove it because I've been paying for it. If I didn't sign up for it, I wouldn't be. I wouldn't have been paying for it. So, okay. All right. And your name is. All right. So, how do I submit the appeal? Okay. Okay, and where do I send this written request? Both. Okay. Okay. And is there any particular? It's attention: Dow General Benefit Services Center. Is there a name attached with that? Okay. And the mailing address.  Okay. Attention. Okay. Is there a phone number? Associated with any of this, there were no email, so there's no way of me following up with any of this. Okay. Do I have a case number or anything that else that I can reference? Sure. Okay. I'm sorry. Say that again. No, apparently not. Thanks, Yutong.
