Hello, this is Michael from the theater calling in a recorded line about an new theater order. I'm speaking to Michael. Yeah, okay. I was talking to you a little bit ago about an order that's supposed to be delivered today. So, yeah, the reason I'm calling is because the customer was. The customer, like, we have to send them the picture of the delivery because I do see your delivery driver did take a picture of the of the order here. It was in a box, from what I see here. Basically, the customer was like, they're trying to still find the order here, but in the meantime, like, they were so pretty upset about it. It's like been, it's been over like an hour that they were supposed. To get their order, basically. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. I see. Yeah, no, I I totally understand. Uh huh. No, I definitely understand. I think also the reason I I was checking in about it was because I got I got the call from the customer that put in the order, who's a different person that is not at the delivery address. They're a different person that from from the person that you see in the delivery instructions. It's another it's another person that placed in the order. So basically. Seems like they couldn't find the order for that long. They they accept the fact that that your driver couldn't go up to the 18th floor. They're fine with that. The problem was was because the boxes like the box was not marked with anything from your restaurant. It wasn't marked in any way with a delivery number or anything. Like at least from what I see here, it was kind of like on a on a generic supply box that the the customer was pretty upset about because like. Their person who was looking for the order probably missed out on the box because of that, because they just didn't see that it was from your restaurant. So they were pretty upset about it. The customer really doesn't need the food anymore, but they were so upset to the point that. Go ahead. Well. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah, I I see. Look, I totally understand your point of view on this. At the end of the day, because they were so upset, we kind of had to give them a full refund for it. So, like, we wanted to see if you would be okay with refunding the order in this for this one time, just just as a courtesy. Yeah, yeah, of course. So, just so you know, whenever a customer—oh, no—they they can still write a review. The thing is, I was going to say that whenever a customer puts in a review, we have a specific team that has to approve it first. So they will see everything that happened with the order. And we have it on record that you did deliver it on time and everything. Like we do have the picture here. Our team is going to take that into consideration, whether or not to to have that review approved or not. So basically, to have that review posted, if if the customer decides to do that review. But yeah, well, our team will have the review. Yeah, of course. Yeah, of course. So, no worries. I'll I'll leave extra notes here, and I'll I'll definitely put it in. Like like I said, we we do have record that at least your driver did arrive on time and everything. And you're right; they they did a they did notify us pretty late on it. So. Uh huh. All right. Sounds good. Then, yeah, I'll leave extra notes. I'll do this. Um, I'll do the adjustment here for the refund on your behalf. But yeah, no worries. Like I said, we have a team to to see reviews and everything. And you are always, you can always dispute it. Don't. Though I don't think it's gonna get to that, and I'll literally try to tell the customer that you apologize for the matter and all, and I'll also send that to them. But yeah, no worries, I'll take care of it. So yeah, just that's all I needed to to talk about. So thank you. Have a good day. Bye bye.
