Thank you for calling Easy Catered. This is Louis on the line. How can I assist you today? Okay. Okay, Mish. Yeah, I can definitely assist you to check into it. Okay. Let me take a look over here. Trying to get some information pulled up over here with the phone number you're calling from, but I'm not getting any results. Do you happen to have like a? Phone number associated to seven seven two two. Okay. Okay. Under nation. Just allow me one second. Can I please have your personal name, please? Okay, Mike. Thank you. Let me check into it. Okay, Monica. Yeah, I just hear about the order from Olive Garden that was supposed to be scheduled—well, to be delivered at seven fifteen p.m. Right? Okay, Mike. Sorry that this order is running late at this moment, but I will definitely assist you to. Check into it for you. Just allow me one moment. Did you mind if I place an order over the phone while get in touch with the caterer, or do you prefer just having a call instead? Okay, appreciate your time. We'll be right back to you. Hello, this is Louis from Missy Cater in a record line. Can you assist me with the catering order, please? Sure. Can I please have your name, please? Just, just on my records before you let me go. Okay. We'll be here just waiting on, on the okay. Get him. Take your time. Get him. 啊！ 2008年，该市人口为1,000,000人。      Hello, hello, Zara. This is Louis from Easy Cater in our call line. Can you assist me with a catering order, please? Okay, I'm just following up in regards about the order number. Let me know once you're ready, so I can share the information. It's gonna be order number eight, number five, via Victor. Number seven, using umbrella and zeus and zebra. So the customer is trying to get an update about the solar because it's off right now. It is really it is not late. So we would like to know if you guys can provide an update to us. Okay, appreciated. I'm sorry about. Situation. I will let the customer know about it. Are you guys able to provide any type of compensation due to the lateness on the order? You will see it under Caitlin O'Brien. Ah, okay, perfect then. Okay, I will follow up with the customer then. Okay, take this. Wait a minute. Thank you for holding. I'm sorry for the waiting time. Okay, Mike. I was able to get a hold of the store, and they have confirmed that the order will be arriving within the next ten to fifteen minutes, approximately. That's the latest update that we can that we could get from them. So, and due to the inconveniences, we are going to be taking off the delivery fee on the order. Okay. Ah, okay, yes, sir. I'm sorry. We are going to be taking. We can have the delivery fee from the owner due to the inconvenience with the delay. Okay. Anything else that I can do for you at the moment? Okay. Bye bye now. Take care, Mike.
