Thank you for calling Caliber Teammate Benefits Center. This is Tasyana speaking. What a pleasure speaking with today. Okay, and how can I help today? Okay, let me look into that for you. And what's the name of your daughter? Okay, got it. Let me see. Give me a couple more minutes. I'm just checking your profile. Yeah, we have not received. When did? She submit that via fax. Like, when was it submitted? Yeah, I mean, it's it's it's pending on your benefits portal. You could just take a picture of it, and we'll receive it in real time. I can give you the website for that. Okay, so there's two ways to access it. Either you can go to mycaliberbenefits.com. If you're accessing it there, there is going to be an option for you to click on your company site to take you directly to that site, or. And if you don't see that, then I'll just give you the second option. is just going directly to the website, and I can give you that website. The second option is just going directly to the website. It's a little long, but if you type it in exactly the way I give it to you, it'll take you directly to the the homepage. So it's going to be compass c o m p a s s compass compass c o m As in Mary, P A S S. No, so it'll be C as in cat, O as in Oscar, M as in Mary, P as in Peter, A as in Apple, S as in Sam, S as in Sam, Compass. Yeah, then you want to put a period after Compass. And then you want to put E as in elephant, M as in Mary, O, I'm sorry, E as in elephant, M as in Mary, P as in Peter, Y as in yellow, R as in run, E as in elephant, A as in apple, N as in no, benefits, M as in Mary. A as an apple, and then N as a Nancy. So it should be Compass. So Compass. Dot. Imperium Benefits. You want to put benefits with an S. Dot. Com. And because. You want to make sure it finds your employer. Put four slash caliber after that. Uh huh. B e n e f i t s. Just make sure you're adding a s. E. F i t s. And then. Once you're there, it should actually for your user ID and password. Your user ID is going to be your Caliber Collision website email. Just make sure everything is all lowercase because it's case sensitive. So it's your first name dot last name two at calibercollision.com, but it's case sensitive, so everything needs to be lowercase. All right, perfect. Did you have any additional questions before you go? Okay, no problem. Thanks for calling the Benefits Service Center. Have a great day.
