Plans are ten years, or yeah. So that kind of information would be more of like legal counsel information. Our systems are providing you platform support and like how to implement things after your legal counsel tells you how it's supposed to be done. I would say most often, what you refer to is what I see. So you have your 2013 plan. In 2023, it expires. You create your new plan, and any previously available shares from the 2013 plan can then be poured into the new. And then also that way, if any 2013 plan shares expire. Expire, it can expire into the new plan. So that's the most common situation. But any any guidance around that will need to come from your legal counsel. Okay. And then talk to me a little bit about shares expiring into new plan. What does that mean? That means that they could. So, like for example, we have employees that, then as a company, we start our stock option plan in 2013. So it's coming up on. I think 2015 was the first year that we actually issued stock. So, their options will expire. So, you're saying that we could just roll them over into the new plans? They get another 10 years. So, actually, no. For that situation that you just described, any any options that has already been issued from the 2013 plan, they're on their own 10 year expiration. So, if they're still outstanding for that for 10 years, if that goes to 2025, that's. Fine, so yes, they're on their own ten-year expiration, so they can remain outstanding under the 2013 plan after the 2013 plan has expired itself. The situation that I was speaking about is specific to the pour over and expiring, as in, let's say they left the company, they were terminated, so. If they had any unvested shares that are returning to the pool, instead of returning to them to that 2013 pool that can't be used anymore, it would return to the new one. Okay, does that make sense? It does. So, for example, like, and I just, and I know you're not legal counsel, but just like for numbers perspective, so for example, if we had six million shares that we reauthorized, like another million shares, and so that our total is now going to be. Six million shares. So the new plan is only going to have a million shares, but as terminated shares, they'll roll over to the new, so that we have a total of six million altogether. So we had, you know, five million under the.
