Do you want this in your personal portfolio? I'm like, no, no. This should be in the corporate portfolio, right? So I thought it's because I was logged in. But regardless, a, I want to know two things. One is I can email back to I now have the contact information of GT to tell them, okay, I'm the new person, right? So they it's easy to change the email affiliated with our company. But my question to you is, how do I? It seemed like. It was going into my personal portfolio because I was logged in. How do I make sure it goes into the corporate balance sheet? So, is it a certain way they are registering it? Should they use like an admin at aircapture. dot com? Should I set up our account with an admin account? I'm just, I'm not, not sure what happened. You're just trying to accept a security from this other company, correct? Right, right. So basically, where it ends up depends on what email they. Put in? Did they put in your email for acceptance, Martha? They they put in brands, which was the old person, which is I'm the new person. So, I'm trying to like, do I email them back and say, oh, just put my new name in because I'm an administrator? Or, so if they use my email, will just automatically because I'm the only, I'm the legal administrator on it, will it then go to the to the corporate account? Um, so if they put in your email, it's not going to go to the corporate account. It's going to go into like when you accept. It you'll either have the option to create a new portfolio and the new portfolio will be the name of like the entity, or you can accept it into your personal portfolio. It sounds like you're going to want to reach out to the company and ask them to send it to a different email. You guys should possibly set up like an administrative carta account that's not like attached to you or necessarily anyone in particular. Because if you accept it, then it will be in your account and say if you ever leave Air Capture, then they'll have to like. Pull it out of your account and move things around again. So, okay. So, I so I go probably into the corporate profile. So I go company settings, and then users and permissions. I'm assuming. Yeah, I mean, I would just reach out to you. Said it was GT, right? And I'll tell them to use an an add more finance at aircapture. dot com. But I still need to go in here. And what do I make sure I register that generic company email as in here? So when they send it to that finance email, the finance email's inbox will get like an invitation to set up its own carta account. So there's no way to like have it be connected to the corporate account that you're looking at. This is kind of like the back end of things, and you're only issuing things for Air Capture. You can't like hold things for Air. Capture under this, you would have to create an account. Okay, that's okay. So I'm confused. So I don't have like it's not like you've got a master account from Karda, and I get to have my employee units there, but I also show what investments I have. So you're saying your investment account would be separate from your capital stack? Exactly. Okay. So I should should I wait till that mail comes in to set up the other account, or can I do that proactively? Or should I just wait till it comes in and go click other account? You would need to ask GT. I don't know what email they issued the holdings to, but you would want them. You would want to ask them to issue it to like a universal email. Yeah. Okay. And then once that comes in, it's going to recognize that there's no that generic email is not there, so it's going to say set up a new account. Exactly. And then so you'll have like your own own account, and then there's going to be like the administrative account that. Accepted those shares from GT. Completely separate. So, but and you and you can add your email or other coworkers to that account. But if they sent it to your email directly, then it would be in your personal portfolio. It would be separate from Air Capture. Okay, I guess I'm still a little confused. Okay, so right now, when I go in here, because I'm the legal administrator to the Air Capture account, I go in here and I can see all the user permissions. All the. Set up, and I upload all the units. Are you saying that that account that I've been adding our users, the users and their units to, will need to be a separate account that holds the GT? So, Air Capture. If you click the drop-down in the upper left-hand corner, you have corporations and then your portfolio. So, when you issue units out of Air Capture, these investors are accepting them into a portfolio just like. You so if GT issues units to you directly, then it's going to ask you to accept it into your own personal portfolio. You can't accept it under like a corporate account. So that's why I'm saying you would want them to issue it to like a new email, like a finance email, because they're not technically for you, right? Yeah. Okay. So then, the that. So then, I'll say accept, and it'll say set up new account. Yes. And so, okay.
