Thanks for calling Robert Half Benefit Service Center. It's Levante speaking. What a pleasure speaking to today. Hi, my name's. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I can't hear you. Could you repeat that? Yeah, I can hear. Okay, yeah. So, what's your first name? First and last name, and correct spelling of it. I'm not sure. Do you have me on speaker? I hear you quite fine. Yeah, your first and last name and a correct spelling of it. Okay. Then last name. P as in Paul, L O E H, C H C as in cat. Okay, and then the second part of your last name. Okay, and then what's your full address on file? All right, then need the last digits of your social security number or employee ID. All right, then your date of birth. All right, perfect. How might I be of assistance today for you? Yeah, um, so I'm an internal employee with Robert Half, and I wanted to inquire about the different options for like mental health counseling. I guess. Are you able to answer my question? Like, medical benefits? Like, are you able to provide? You so if it's uh if it's for services outside of what your medical benefits would be, so you would either call directly for your medical benefits, or if it's you're looking for Robert Half provided benefits. You would probably have to reach out to your health advocate to take a look at those services. Because as far as mental health that I'm showing, I would only be able to direct you towards the medical benefit that you would have. Okay, I know they offer some kind of program, like like an EAP or whatever. Yeah, so I can give you if you don't have the information for those, I can give you the information to both your employee assistance program and also your health advocate program. Under both of those, you typically have benefits in regards to to mental well being that you're able to take a look at. But those are separate carriers, and let me get them pulled here real quick. Okay, so your health advocate, that number is going to be one eight six six. Six nine five eight six two two, and then EAP is one eight eight eight eight eight one five four six two. Okay. Um. And so the the EAP line. Sorry, I could not hear my line. Oh. Okay. Bye. Bye.
