Hello. Hi, may I speak with Gary? Hi, Gary. My name is Holly, and I'm a Sharecare Engagement Specialist calling on behalf of the HealthNet Wellness Program. How are you? Oh, good, Gary. I'm glad to hear that. Certainly. And the reason for my call. This morning was that we just wanted to remind you about the access that you have through that HealthNet Wellness program. Of course, certainly at no cost to you, to an online experience as well as over the phone personal health coaching to help you support your overall health. Absolutely. Have you, have you by chance, ever heard of our program before? Well, not to worry, Gary. I can provide you more information about our program. Some of those different areas that your coach would be able to help you focus on would be weight management, as well as exercise, nutrition, helping you to manage stress, or even quitting tobacco products, to give you a couple examples. And your coach would reach out to you by phone once. A month, kind of like I am today, and those calls would last about 15 minutes. And this would be, of course, your very own personal coach to be able to help focus on you. And I would like to get you scheduled with your first call so that you can take a look at the program and see the benefit firsthand, certainly. And I must share with you, of course, that our call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance. Purposes. Thank you, Gary. And so that I can open up your chart here and get you scheduled, would you please confirm your name, mailing address, and date of birth to remain HIPAA compliant? Uh huh. Well, good for you. Good. I'm glad. I'm glad to hear that. That's great. And. Oh, how nice of you! That's nice that you're helping. Oh yeah, I'm sure you're very active, Gary. If it would be helpful, I could text you over a link to kind of give you more information on what we have to offer. As we're always here in the future to further support everything that you're already doing so well for yourself. Absolutely, and we're always here in any way that we can to help support you. Certainly, of course, I'll send that to the same number that we called you on today, Gary. All right, and you definitely have a good rest of your weekend. Thank you. Bye bye.
