Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I can barely hear you. Yeah, I can hear you now. You're talking about my disastrous lunch today, from that was delivered to Advanced Dermatology in Bravo. Yes. Yes. I am very upset. The more I think about it, is the lunch was 30 minutes late, actually over 30 minutes late. The driver was just a mess as usual. These drivers don't speak English. The guy calls me after being over 30 over 30 minutes late. The guy calls me. Is like trying to leave the food in the lobby. I said no. It has to go to follow the address. It has to go to the suite. He didn't read any of the details, and just—I mean—it was just a mess. I guess it's too many times, too often, that anytime I order from you guys, it's—it's a—it's a train wreck. And like, you send a guy who's over 30 minutes late, and then he doesn't follow directions. He calls and doesn't deliver it to the right spot at first. I had to make sure he went to the actual office instead of delivering it to the lobby. I mean, why? Your drivers always wanted to sit in the lobby and leave. And this is so frustrating. And so, when I call the truck, it's done. The representative, oh, we'll give you ten percent off and waive the delivery charge. No, that's not. That's ridiculous. Like, if I order food, I didn't order it for thirty minutes. Over thirty minutes late, I ordered it to be on time. And you guys always say in your in your in your notes that the lunch could arrive up to six. 30 minutes early. It doesn't ever happen. It's always late. So, like, that's that. I can't hear you again. Or over 30 minutes late. If they said anything less, it's a complete lie. Because remember, lunches at doctors' offices, you know this, are between an hour and forty-five minutes, and they end at one, because patients have to be seen. And when the doctor gets to lunch after twelve forty, I hear he's twelve forty-eight in the ride, twelve forty-nine, he has eleven minutes to enjoy his lunch. But I just spent three hundred and fifty bucks on it, and that's embarrassing. Also, reflection on me, as you guys, embarrassing. It's me. Why delivery is so late? Hold on, I think. Hold on, I think. I'm still in trouble here. What's that? Hello? Yeah, ten percent—that's not good enough, man. Like ten percent off, like it basically ruined my day. And I order an unbelievable amount of volumes from you guys. Yeah, that's got to be bumped up. I didn't get my money's worth. I'm paying you to deliver my food on time, not over thirty minutes late with that terrible driver who I go, I fight to get to deliver to the office. It's insane. He says he's a Walmart business today. That's fine. What's that? I can't hear you. You say 50% off? No, I don't want to. I don't want for my next one. I want for this one because I don't want to spend. We'll do. I'll see you guys again. That's the thing. Is like. No, no, no, no. You don't. You don't. I want 50% off this order. I want. I want because you guys ruined my day. It's got to be 50% off. Yeah, make it additional forty. An additional, an additional thirty. Ah, something. Well, then why do I want to get things from you guys? Like, you understand? Like, you screwed yourself, not me. Like, I ordered the food to be delivered on time, like I'm. To Elpro, like you guys want to pass up on hundreds of thousands, hundred thousands of dollars in bills? Hey, that's I'll let them know if you, if you told me it's okay to do. If you recommend that I go Elpro, like an additional, an additional thirty or forty percent will make me happy because I've literally wasted my money. I was like, wasted my money. I hope you understand that. Ask your supervisor. I wouldn't have paid the delivery. I wouldn't have paid the delivery fee because it wasn't delivered on time. Like this is—I don't think you're understanding this. Forty percent off. That's fine. That's fine. Yes, thank you. Thank you very much. And you'll send me an updated invoice. Thank you very much. Hold on. Bye for now. Thank you.
