Thank you for calling from Flowers. This is Avery. How can I help you today? Hi, sir. I deeply apologize, sir, but your line is carrying in and out. I'm having a hard time hearing you here. So, may I have again your concern, sir, please. Alright, sir. So you want to just to confirm, sir, you want to have a refund because we forgot to put the small teddy bear. Is that correct? Alright, sir. So I'd really apologize, sir, for the inconvenience the this order have caused you. And since you got me here, I'll be more than happy to assist and to resolve this issue with you, sir. So can I have first the order number for me to pull up the order here? Thank you so much. May I have your full name, sir, as well as the name of your receiver, please? All right. Thank you so much, Lena. I just want to confirm, ma, again, sir, that the small teddy bear that should be included to your flowers, so it was missing, or there is no teddy bear that was delivered along with your flowers, correct? All right. So, for this one, sir, let me go ahead and refund you the small teddy bear here, which is for fifteen dollars, sir. And for again, I really apologize, and please give me a minute or two. I will be just going to process your refund here. Okay? Yes, sir. It will just going to take. Ah, you will be receiving an email confirmation for the refund right away, and it will going to reflect back. To your account, one to three business days, sir. All right, please stay on the line, sir. Let me process for you here. Okay. Thank you so much. Just one moment, please. Just one moment, sir. Please, I will. I am still processing here. Okay, please stay on the line. Thank you so much. Just one moment.  Just one moment, hello, sir. All right, so I already process you here, sir, the refund for the missing teddy bear, which is for fifteen dollars, and uh. Just wait for a couple of minutes, sir, for you to be able to receive the email confirmation, sir. Because I just processed it here, and for this one, sir, again, I'd really apologize for the inconvenience, sir. And Rita, have you already received the email, sir? I thank you so much, so, and for this concern, sir, is there anything else, sir, that I can assist you, sir, from this line? Alright, so again, I truly apologize. Have a great day ahead, sir. Take care always, and bye bye for now.
