Thank you for calling Cummins Health Benefits Service Center. This is Darius speaking. Who am I speaking with this afternoon? Hi, this is David. How are you today? I'm good, how are you? I'm great, thank you for asking. In the event we are disconnected, what's a good callback number for you? Seven zero two nine nine four. I got seven zero two nine nine four. I didn't hear the rest. Thank you so much for that. How can I assist you today? Yeah. So, I called about maybe two weeks ago for my HSA contribution. I spoke to somebody from HR. They said that the previous method is not going to roll over. I just said, "Roll over, like I'm not going to do it." You said that's what you do. I recently made a. Because I did an eval for 2005, the agency contribution was not taken out. So this next paycheck, it was taken out of my 401(k). Okay, more than happy to assist with that. I think I got your phone was cutting out, but I think I got the gist of it. You recently completed a change in HSA events, and you recently had the money taken out, but you haven't received the funds to your HSA card. Is that? Correct. Correct. Okay. And again, could you state your full first and last name for me, please? Yeah, David. Okay. Thank you so much for that. Okay. So with the HSAs, they're a little weird. Usually, when the deductions come out, they don't fund to your card immediately. It usually takes a couple business days. So, if like you just got your check, like when when did they deduct from, or when were you paid and you saw the deduction? What day was it? Yesterday. So yeah, you would you should probably see the uh it should probably show on your HSA card about the same. Usually takes about a week from when you got paid, so you should see it on your check or in your HSA account by this time next week. Okay. Um, are you talking about the employer contribution? Yes. Uh, let me check and see what plan you have, Cummins Health Benefits Service Center. Because they do, the employer does still do the contributions. I just need to confirm what what are the guidelines based off the plans. Let me see. Okay, so you won't get a contribution because you don't have the HSA Plus plan. You just have the regular HSA plan. They only do the contributions if you have the HSA Plus plan. There wasn't an HSA Plus plan last year. That just came out this year. Oh yeah, that's real. Would there be? Would it be too late to enroll in that? Correct. There's no way to. Any changes currently, without a qualified life event or another open enrollment at the end of the year? A marriage, divorce, birth of a child, gain of Medicare, loss of Medicare, loss of coverage elsewhere, gain of coverage elsewhere. As far as what, like, what your your health benefits, or yeah, yeah, you still have your regular coming HSA plan medical with your vision, um, as well as your dental and your um, yeah, so yeah, you still have your medical coverage. Okay. Yeah. I just thought, you know, I—I know it's over here, but I just kind of messed up. But I needed help. My angel, my minister, one of my friends, but they didn't call me at that time. Okay. That sounds fine. All right. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? All right. Well, thank you for calling Cummins Health Benefits Service Center, and you have a great weekend. Thank you. Bye.
