Thank you so much for patiently waiting on the line. My name is Sam. I'm part of finance department. May I have your order number? Okay. I will use this one first. Let's keep. Sorry, um, I should be able to. Pull up your other order using this information. Just give me a couple minutes. Okay, I have managed to pull up an order with this order number, and just to make sure that this is yours, may I please have your name? Atania. Atalia. Okay, thank you so much for that, Miss Atalia. And upon checking for this order, okay, but there seems to be a different name that is listed as the credit card holder for this order. Michelle. May I ask if it's Michelle? Sorry. Go ahead. Hmm. Okay. All right. Um, Miss Italia. May I apologize, but may I ask for your complete name, please? S O I R A. So S O I R A N O. Soriano, okay. Hmm. Okay. May all right. My apologies for this miss. You see, we have a policy in which we need to speak directly with the credit card holder before we can process or reveal any information relating to the order. hum, ainda está nesse, né? Minhas sinceras apologia, senhor. Sei, as per our policy, we must speak first with your. Mother, since she is a listed credit card holder, and her credit card was used in this purchase, so I'm afraid we cannot verify the order with you. We must have your mother contact us via call. We cannot resolve this issue via email as well. We must speak with her directly by call. Okay, then I'd like to. Explain the situation. Currently, we cannot make any changes to the order since it's not verified. But we do have a process that, if an order is not verified within twenty-four to forty-eight hours, our system will automatically void the order. So. Yes. Yes. All the credits used to this purchase will return back through the payment method used once the order is voided. Yes, Miss. It will be depending. You see, you see, this is a random process in which our system randomly flags orders for this manual review process. One of the reasons why an order can be flagged for this is that if there are inconsistencies with the information on the order, in particular, the billing name, the email, as well as a card signature, if one is provided. Not, no, miss, not yet. Yes, we will not proceed with this since it is not verified. Yes. Okay, understood. So, aside from this, Miss Natalia, is there anything else that I can further assist you with? Understood. Thank you so much. Thank you as well, Miss, for calling FTD, and have a wonderful evening. Bye bye.
