So, well, what this is is once the contract is signed and you're good to go, it's gonna take you to the setup UI. I call it kind of like baby mode because it does go away, but it's really useful because it makes it super easy to set up stuff like your, you know, first share class, your first issuance of security, and then it gets a little bit more comprehensive, you know. And you can always give us a ring, like, hey, how do I issue shares? Add stakeholders, all that fun stuff. But yeah, it's it's literally it's just gonna ask you for info. You're gonna plug it in. You know, as long as you have your. Incorporation documents, you should be off to the races and good to go. Yeah, I mean, I have all that. I just got to upload. You know, I had a law firm prepare my cap table, and I'm just trying to get my cap table in here so that way I can manage it and add people to it and whatnot. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Here's here's my recommendation. Then is as quickly as you can finish setup mode. There'll even be a point where it's like, do you want to add more founders? Depending on what version you have, if it's an older setup version, it might just. Be the one, but it doesn't matter. Finish setup mode because that UI goes away and you'll never use it again. And so, when you finish setup, you'll be able to navigate to like your stakeholders ledger, add all your stakeholders, and then you can go into securities and shares, draft shares. It's kind of like a spreadsheet-looking thing. Anything with an asterisk is required. If not, if it doesn't have an asterisk, it may not be relevant. And call us if you have questions, because again. Setup is super easy, but once setup goes away, that's how CARTA is going to really work, and that's a bit more comprehensive. All right, cool. Well, I, you know, so I have a securities ledger here, so I have a cap table, and then, and then it's a detailed capitalization, and then, and then another tab has a securities ledger. The securities ledger is security ID. So, is this for CARTA? The CS1, CS2, is that CARTA? Is that a CARTA thing, or what is this for? Yeah, so it sounds like a carta thing for sure. So more often than not, when you create your share classes, it'll just be created as common, and the prefix is CS. What's the prefix? Literally, as you issue out securities on your ledger, it's going to say prefix and then a number, and that's essentially the identification number in carta. So CS one for yourself, CS two for co-founder, CS three for you know whoever else. And then when we start getting into like option grants. That might have a different prefix on your equity awards ledger, ES1, ES2, ES3. So yes, it does sound like a carta ledger. If you're talking about something that's sitting in a spreadsheet, though, I wouldn't stress too much about the numbering or the prefix. As long as you're getting it into carta, which will usually be CS, you're going to be good to go. We actually do set up meetings for you know first-time clients who need a little bit of help. Like, we'll hop on a Zoom, like a 45-minute Zoom call, and just kind of take you through the basics. Is that something you'd be interested in? Yeah, totally. Yeah. All right. Cool. Cool. Give me a second. I'm gonna pull up the link. I'm gonna make sure that we got you booked before I let you. Well, I I won't leave until you don't need me anymore. Yeah. No, no, no. I mean, no. I'm good. I'm good. I think after that, I I'll go through the process. But I'd like to get on. A call with somebody and just make sure I set this up correctly. Yes, absolutely. Setup? I would I would take a a stab at setup just on your own. Only because again, like I I I always race to get people out of setup because the most valuable amount of information we can give you is when setup is done. And it's like, okay, now how do I use Carta? Like, what do I do to add all this stuff? How do I add my cat table into Carta? Right. See here. Okay, I just gotta navigate a little 'cause we're in setup mode. Come on! Why are you going so slow? There we go. That's what I wanted. Okay. Oh, and your emails. So now that activation is done, you can do whatever you want with your emails. It was really just a matter of getting past that first step. In the top right, if you click into your name and into security, you can set your emails to be whatever you want.
