Hello. Thank you for calling EasyCare. My name is Ashley, and I'm your care line. How can I help you? Okay, one second. W y u e. Okay, one second, please. Okay, perfect. Yes, I have the order here. Okay, yes, I can help you with that. Just give me one second. Let me take a look in the previous notes. Okay, so the driver delivered the order at eleven fifteen, right? Okay, no, I'm sorry. The order was placed. For today at 11:45 a.m. Okay, yes, I'm sorry. The only information that we have for that time is the pickup time. The customer requests the order at 11:45 a.m. Okay, I understand. Let me take a look here at my system. What can I do? Is that okay if I put you on hold just? For a few minutes, or do you prefer a callback? Okay, perfect. Thank you. I'm gonna be right back with you. Thank you very much for waiting on the line. Are you still there? Okay, perfect. So I was verified here in my system, and yes, we marked the order that it was delivered with more than 50 minutes early. So the thing that we can do at this moment is I'm gonna send you at this beautiful. Email, and you can submit the form, and my team support will check it. Okay? Yes, I'm gonna send you a specific email, and you need to submit the form that is in the email, and my team support will check it. Okay? Because we have the time here, so that was the problem. I'm sorry. Oh no! I'm sorry. The customer placed the order for at that time, and that's why, as far as I told you, I'm gonna send you a dispute email, and you can submit the form that is in the email, and my team support will check it to verify if we can remove this mark in the order. Yes, I completely understand. Is because we have the time that the customer placed, and we always send this information via email to the caterer. I'm really sorry if you receive at different time, but it's the time that the customer placed. And before the customer contacts us to ask if we have the correct time, and yes, we have the time that the customer placed in the order. So that's why we need the form if you want to dispute this mark that we did, because we have the time that the customer placed in the order. Customer requests the order at 11:45 a.m. Yes, my system showed me this time, and I'm sorry, I'm not able to see 11:15 to 11:30. I just can see that the pickup time is at 11:15, and the. Um. Yeah, for this, I need to verify if one of my team can call you back. I'm sorry, I cannot transfer the call. Oh no, I'm sorry, I cannot transfer the call. I need to verify if they can call you back. Okay. Yes. Again, I can put your call on hold just for a few minutes, but yes, this can take time because my team support needs to check if they can call you back. Okay. Perfect. I'm gonna be right back with you. Thank you very much for waiting on the line. Are you still there? Okay. Perfect. So I just want to let you know that I asked. To my team support, if they can call you back, and they tell me that unfortunately you need to submit this form, and they will check that information. This is all that we can do at this moment. I'm sorry. Yes, as far as I tell you, this form is for my. Team support, they will check the information and they will verify if we sent the wrong time or something like that. Okay, yes, don't worry. Probably the next person will explain you the same thing. But yes, that's fine. Thank you very much for your time. Bye.
