Thank you for calling Benefits Service Center. This is Winnie speaking. Who am I speaking with today? All right. Thanks for that information. How can I help you today? Yes. Uh huh. sim hum um We manage like for you to be able to to register, but like the medical information does come from the carrier, which would be Anthem. Let's see what number you were given. Five five eight four. Yeah. Um. Were you given the number one eight five five eight eight two four six seven zero three? Oh, wow! That's odd. Yeah. Okay. Now you are covered. You are under the PPO twelve hundred. With Anthem, yes, effective as of January first, and you're paying three thirty-four eighteen biweekly, and that's for you and your spouse, yes. Okay. Um. This is the the last paycheck. Didn't have anything. Taken out then. Let's see. That would have been. That would have been mid January, right? The last pay. The last paycheck is like mid January. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. 嗯。 Okay, so in this case, I'm going to go ahead and create a case here for you to have it look looked at, um, because that right now they usually end them, usually close at six, um, Central Time, so it's already kind of the time that they their closing hour for the day, um. Yes, to see why you're not showing on their end, and and the fact that it's not it's not been taken out from your paycheck, that's also probably the indicator. But on our end, on our in our system, it shows that you are you should be. So there might be a yeah, might be like miscommunication somewhere. So I'm gonna have. Uh huh. Right. Yeah, so I I definitely understand why they told you that, 'cause I will I would have told you that too. In our system, it shows that you should be covered. So even if the coverage will still be first of January. Yes, sir.  Okay. Can I can I please have a good callback number for you? Six four six four four five seven. Okay. That's three o one six four six four four five seven. All right. So I have. Um, I'm creating a case here for you. I'm. I'll have you down to for callback on the. Um next Wednesday, since we we close on Monday, uh next Wednesday, um to just give them time to kind of take a look. Hopefully by then we'll have some type of update, and I will be um over the case, and I will give you a call with with an update. Um, please let me know when you're ready. Um, I I have a case number here for you. The case number. Uh, the case. Number is one zero five, three seven, seven five three. Yes. Yes, my name is Winnie. You are welcome. Anything else I can assist you with? You're welcome. Thank you so much for calling. Have a wonderful rest of the day. Thank you.
