That way, where it really follows the documents that we've got in our files. Yeah, yeah, I yeah, yes. You just do the you do one repurchase right now. So I'm going to do a repurchase of traders for the 12,500, and we're going to put early exercise. I don't know what to put for a reason. Oh. Buyback, relationship change, tender offer. I guess it's just an early exercise. Well, maybe it'd be called a buyback since they're vested shares. Yeah, they are paying for them because they weren't. It wasn't an early exercise, right? No, no, actually, it wasn't. So, yeah, it could probably be either or. It could be like buyback or a relationship change. I guess maybe I should do relationship change. Is a little less specific. Okay, a mandatory repurchase. Sorry, I wasn't really involved in this, and the attorney just said, "Make sure they do it right." I'm like, "Okay," so I had to go do a little digging to figure out what was actually going on. Four nine nine. What date on this document? August twenty second. Okay, so date of repurchase is August twenty second. And so the number of shares. I know they split it up somewhere here. Eleven six five two. No sale. Are purchased shares returning to the plan? No. Sorry, I'm keeping you on the phone, but I just want to make sure that I don't have to call back, that I don't do something right, and I have to call you back. That makes sense. Okay, and so that's the eight four eight shares. So this is the one I need to drop in here. Transaction value eleven six five two at one thousand fifteen one hundred ninety nine thousand dollars. I feel right one nine nine. I don't know why did they do it. This seems so confusing. Twenty-nine one five two. If you take thirty thousand minus twenty-nine one five two, that leaves eight hundred and forty-eight. That's got to be right. Seventeen fifteen. The purchase price times eleven six five two. Okay. Seems like a lot of money. One eighty. Okay, that leaves him with a balance of eight hundred forty-eight shares. Uh, what does it say? Oh, I clicked on that. Okay, and then I. See an outstanding certificate for eight forty eight, and we need to go in and repurchase those under this other, which is dated September seventh. Six forty four, right? Yeah. Date of repurchase: September seventh. Number of shares repurchased: eight forty-eight. No sale. Not returning to the plan. The amount that they've got here is seventeen, sixteen, fourteen, five, four, three, twenty. Exactly. Okay. Can you just upload? 145320. I hope I'm understanding you correctly. Oh, when I went to hit confirm, it says there's been a problem. Contact Carter Support by visiting the Help Center, found by clicking on your name in the upper right corner of the page. Should I just try again? Oh, then it went through. Did it? Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure. Okay. Delay there. So everything. Yep. I see it. Repurchased.
