Thank you for calling San Flows. My name is Mohammed. How may I help you today? Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Sure, sure. Give me a moment, please. I apologize for this inconvenience. Give me a moment. Let me check your order status and inform you correctly. What's the? Status of your order, okay? All right. May I know your first and last name, and the recipient first and last name? Uh huh. The person who is going to receive the deceased person. Okay. Thanks for verifying the order. Okay, give me a moment. Okay, what's the service time? It's four p.m. All right, as I see the feedback from the florist, that's yes. So, service time is at four p.m. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, please wait till four p.m. If it doesn't. Arrive like like the flower doesn't reach reach to you by 4 p.m. You give us a call back and we will help you about the order. Um, it's just because the florist is not available for Saturday and Sunday, so it will be going to be delivered on Monday. So, as I check right now, um, and the system it says. The service time today is four PM, and one of our representatives and from the florist to deliver this today. So, hope it will be delivered today. If it is not, then give us a call back. We will help you with this order. Okay, give me a moment. Let me check with my team first.      Thank you, patience. All right. Yes, as I check with my team, I get to know that its flowers will be going to delivered by today 4 p.m. and I'll send a message to the florists to deliver this as soon as possible. Okay. And if you face any issue with this arrangement of flowers about the flowers, so give us a call back. Okay. You'll get the delivery. Yep, you'll uh. Receive an email confirmation regarding the order that it is delivered. No, it was not cancelled. It is a no go for two days. So two days or for a single day, the Flores says like we cannot deliver this today or tomorrow. Can we please do this on other day? So we send a message to you. But as I check. In the system, we have conversation with the florist, and I also message the florist to deliver this as soon as possible before the service time. So, yep. And if you face any problem with the flowers, so give us a call back. Okay. Alright, Judy. Apart from this, anything else may help you. Alright. You too. Bye bye. Bye.
