Mail added. So I'm just trying to figure out how to get into my account. Gotcha. Okay. Can you please provide me with your with that email address? Yes, it's jess. Dot m a j e s k i at gmail. Dot com. Thank you, please. And can I please have your full name? Jessica Matryewski. Okay, thank you. Let me go ahead and place you on a brief hold as I review our systems for that email. You're saying that the company sent you screenshots saying that they added it, correct? Yes. Okay, excellent. So, if you don't mind, I'll just place you on a brief hold. Okay. Thank you. It's not under profile. Okay. Do you understand what's happening? Yeah, she's trying to sign in as this one as a primary, but it's not verified, so that's why it's not. So I'm going to ask her first if she can sign in with with this one at and because I can say right and at influential.co email. Um, I would just say, are you able to sign in with your work email? It looks like that one is still active. Okay, so. If she says no, then at that point, I would have to. You could add the Gmail to the people's page, but you would need written consent first. So what you do is you would just send that Gmail an email real quick that says, "Hey, do I have permission to add you to the account of Jessica, however you say her last name?" And then once you got that confirmation back, you could do it. Yeah, so I would send this email. Uh huh. Gotcha. But first, just let her know what's going on. One second. Sorry, I, I kind of like have to go my own route. So right now, I don't see the the company just yet. So I can fill that in afterwards, right? Yeah, absolutely. Okay, cool. Hello, Jessica. Yes. Thanks for patiently waiting. So, upon confirmation, upon review, sorry, I want to confirm something. Do you have access to a your your work email in the sense of attempting to sign into Cardo with a work email instead? I do not. I am no longer with that company, so I don't have access to that email. The J Machado. Influential. Co email address. Gotcha. Okay. And and that's why I'm assuming that they sent you the screenshot, meaning that they added. Okay. Do you remember the the password by chance? I don't. That's why I was trying to reset the password. Okay. You one second. Okay. So in that case, what I'm what I'm going to do is the following. I will send an email just right now. To the email that you provided me, asking for permission to be added to that Carter profile, and if you can do me the favor of signing in and approving it and saying that yes, you get permission to be added to your own profile, essentially, then I will proceed with another route internally. Is that okay? Yes. Perfect. So, give me one moment. I will place on a brief hold again. Okay. Thank you. So in this case, she hasn't given me like a pin or anything, so I'm okay to still take these, take this route.
