Hello. Thank you for calling the Gator. This is Gabriel on the refill line. How may I help you? Oh, absolutely. I can definitely help you with requesting a driver for this order. Let me just take a look. This is an order for tomorrow. Okay. I'm asking for lavender. Thank you. Okay, perfect. Here it is. And let me request a driver. Perfect. Is it this has been requested successfully, sir? The driver says pickup time 10:30 a.m. We need to go ahead and contact the customer and see if the customer can move the time 15 minutes later. Because as I can see, this is a pickup time. I'm sorry, the delivery time to the customer is about 11:15 a.m. So, yes, that's the thing that we need. To confirm with the customer, unfortunately, I am not able to call the customer right now. So we will need to. I am going to leave everything noted, and another agent could call the customer tomorrow morning at first hour. Once they confirm if the customer agrees, we will change the agent that is going to be working. I'm sorry, is going to change the time and send you the updated invoice. If there is a problem and the customer does not agree, I am going to leave the note so the agent can call you and let you know any update from the customer. No, yeah, that's the thing, sir. That we need to change it because in case I can leave it like that, and you can have it ready by 10:45, but the driver is going to arrive by 10:30 a.m. there. And usually, I cannot guarantee you if a driver can wait. I can send to the easy dispatch team that you will have this order ready by 10:45 a.m., but they are going. Tell me to call the customer, and as the customer, if they can move the the time 15 minutes later. All right, I'm going to I am going to email the customer and making the request and make the change 15 minutes later. And then, as I mentioned, everything is going to be noted. It might be another agent that is going to be working on this tomorrow, and I'm going to leave in the notes to please call you back if there is any. Inconvenience, or call you back for any updates about this order. Perfect, sir. Is there anything else that I can do for you? You're welcome. Thank you very much for your time. Have a very good night.
