Um. Hello, I was on calling because um I completed the real age test and the annual checkup, but I have not received any like confirmation that it kind of went through, and I'm um and I'm due for uh. The award, and plus, I don't. So, I called Quantum, and they told me I do not have an account. So, I was wondering, is it mandatory that I do have a Quantum account in order to receive the rewards? Even though I have the insurance, the HSA insurance. My name is Chardon Rogers, and my date of birth is ten sixteen nineteen ninety eight. Eighteen Sixteen Harvard Avenue Apartment Two Seventeen College Park Georgia Three Zero Three Three Seven Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, I did an annual checkup, and I went November twenty-six. I was told it would take thirty days for the insurance and all that stuff for it to be cleared and whatnot. So that's why I waited until like December twenty-six. But I haven't received like you would. Achieve the rewards or anything like that, even though I went to the doctor. That would be awesome if you. Can't. I am ready. Eight, seven, seven, nine, one, two, one, eight, two, zero. No, ma'am. Oh, I do have one. I'm so sorry. I do have one more question. Um, so you said that the real age went through. When will I be able to see that um reward that I received? Okay. I do have an HSA account, but when I try to register for the Quantum Bank account, for some reason, my information is not put into the system, even though I do have the Delta Health Insurance. So I was just wondering: in order to receive it, will I have to just? Call the same number that you gave me, and so they can help set up an account there, or. Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. Seven nine one nine three six one. Cause I called them earlier about it. Cause I just got off the. Phone with Constum and they told me I do not have an account. So I'm so confused because I have Delta Health Insurance. I'm just like wondering why I don't have an account. I don't know. I understand. Thank you so much. You too.
