Hi, this is Pam with the Take Care Take Charge Benefits Center. Assistant Berry. Oh, hi Pam. Hi, hi Leah. I wanted to let you know I did get an update. So I, I was told that their payroll wouldn't be able to accommodate moving, like special, making special arrangements of when the premiums. Would come out. They do. Repeat. Right. So, right. So, if there's something that is due, it comes out as $100 extra for medical, and then $50 for everything else. And I requested that it come out of the. Fifteenth paycheck, or whatever the second paycheck is, I'm saying fifteenth. But I was told that they couldn't make any special arrangements for that. They did approve your appeal if you wanted to to drop coverage. Um. I don't want to drop those for twenty twenty five. I just don't feel like I owe any more money for twenty twenty four. Mm. Hmm. Okay. Let me see. I was given a chart earlier. See if I have that. And I'm just not. Let's see. Uh huh. Uh huh. Once I came off of SMLA, however, my insurance had been. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Understood. That was presented, and it was reviewed, and it was told to me that the deductions are correct, that it's been reviewed, and they're showing that the money is due. Okay, can you give me an amount? Because I would rather just pay it off next month on the 16th of the month, so y'all don't keep absorbing money every paycheck. I don't know how you would pay it off. When it's a deduction, in other words, you can't send in a payment for it. But I can give you the amounts. Okay. Let's see. I'm showing. Um. I can only see medical, and I'm showing. Um. January twenty fourth, one hundred dollars. February seventh, one hundred dollars. Right. I'm showing February twenty first, one hundred dollars, and then. March seventh, fifty-one dollars eighteen cents. You would have been, you would be reinstated with no lapse in coverage. So when. Yeah, right. And you're being reinstated without a lapse in coverage, and you're required to pay for that those months because it's where you didn't have coverage because you termed for non-payment, and for the time that you were out or not having deductions, you would have to pay that. So the reinstatement is as of August. The nineteenth. Medication. I call the pharmacy. The pharmacy tells me I don't have active coverage. I called and I opened up the case, and it was found in that case that my insurance had left, even though I was getting that payment. I understand you guys are saying that owed me two more priors, which I didn't know about. This is your award-winning notification system. Uh huh. Correct. Okay, now I, you, you can do an appeal through the direct. Secure Inbox. It's on our website. It should say Secure Inbox at the very top, near the word Menu. And you can submit it as an appeal, and that goes through the GMR Appeals Committee, and it will be re-reviewed. Yes, ma'am. Yes, it is. Uh huh. Yeah, I would just in your appeal because I appeal for your benefits. So in your appeal, let them know that you want something to show because you disagree. You know, just tell them what it is you want, what it is you're asking for, and then that will be presented. It'll be reviewed, and you'll get a response. It's my pleasure. Did you have anything else? Any other questions before I let you go? No, thank you. Oh, you're welcome, and thank you so much for calling Take Care Take Charge Benefits Center. When you did, bye bye.
