Thank you for calling. My name is Angela, Member Service Representative. How may I help you? I'm sure I might be able to assist you with that. Can you come? Confirm your date of birth and mailing address for me, please. Thank you. Give me a moment. And number I have six seven eight nine one eight one zero four three, and email be and green two one at gmail dot com. Okay, so I do see you earn to eight fifty um for twenty twenty four. So Delta benefits they're still paying those um rewards. So just give it to the end of January, okay? Because they're still paying out. It they didn't give a date of when they're gonna have that. Paid into the account, but they said sometime in January or April. Okay, so then you need to reach out to Delta. They need to look into that because they're the ones paying the deposits, the benefits. Because I know some people haven't been paid, and they didn't give a date. They just said, you know, sometime in January. Delta benefit. They're telling you to call us for what exactly? For the deposits, or to know that you completed the incentives? I just want to, because they they can't make they can't tell you to call us for the deposits. They're the ones who make the deposits. For your benefit department, let me see if I have that. Give me a moment. Let me go ahead. Because I do see that. Let me see. You, you, you finished everything before the thirty first of December, so it should be sometime this January. But let me see if I have a number for Delta Benefits. So no, I don't have that number. I just have for Optum Bank. That's your HSA bank. I don't have for Delta Benefits. Delta benefits, but I'll advise you to give it till the end of January. Because that's because they're still paying out those incentives. There's no like there's no definite date. Did you hear the disclaimer when you called? It says, you know, health rewards earned and processed by the thirty first of December, twenty twenty four, will be deposited January twenty twenty five. So I'm just trying to. Explain that you know there is no date, but you can reach out to Delta benefits to clarify that because you earned the points with Sharecare, and we already gave that to Delta, letting them know that you did at the act that you just earned the points. They are the ones who pay into your Optum bank account. Is there anything?
