Thank you for calling Educator. My name is Andrea on a recorded line. How may I help you today? I am really sorry for this inconvenience. For sure, I'm going to take a look. Are you Brian? Okay. May I have the order number, please? ZMF. Perfect. Let me take a look. Okay, for Hertzria, right? Let me see. The delivery driver is supposed to pick it up at three eleven. Okay, let me see. So it's around twenty minutes late. Okay, perfect. I am really sorry for this inconvenience. Let me just go ahead and take a look, and I'm going to definitely go ahead and see what is going on. The last, uh-huh. Go ahead, please. For sure, yeah, no problem. I understand. I can definitely go ahead and give you a call. You're more than welcome, sir. Have a good day. Hello, my name is Andrea from Indicator on a recorded line. Sí, claro. Le saludo, Andrea. Le llamo de Indicator en una línea grabada. Le comento. Estoy llamándole respecto a la orden 0PGZMF4H Pichavía. Muy bien. ¿En cuánto tiempo? Siete minutos. Muy bien, perfecto. Entonces yo voy a indicarle al al restaurante que usted está en siete minutos con ellos, ¿de acuerdo? Comprendo. Sí. Lamento mucho el inconveniente y les voy a indicar al restaurante, ¿está bien? Uh hm. Uy sí, lamento mucho el inconveniente y. Desafortunadamente comprendo, realmente comprendo lo que usted me está indicando y lamento mucho el inconveniente con respecto a esto. Pues si usted gusta podría comunicarse directamente con su equipo de soporte acerca de las órdenes. Desafortunadamente, pues yo, nosotros acá en Indicator no controlamos la distancia de ese tipo de cosas. Lamento mucho el inconveniente. Perfecto, le agradezco mucho. Hi, Sharon. Here from Missy K on the recording line. I'm calling you because I already talked to the driver. We are really sorry for this inconvenience. Unfortunately, the driver is stuck in the traffic. He said that he has been there for more than one hour, and that is the reason why he is late. He will be there as per his GPS in seven minutes. For sure, no problem at all with that. I'm going to definitely go ahead and let the customer know about it. Yes, of course. You do not need to worry about that. I'm going to let them to let the customer know and clarify all the information with the customer. You're more than welcome. Is there anything else? Thank you so very much for giving us a call, and have yourself a good day. Thank you. Hello, my name is Andrea from Easy Cater on a recorded line. I'm calling you regarding order number zero P G Z M F for Harpatria. I'm calling you because, unfortunately, and I am really sorry for this, the driver is stuck on the traffic. Is a driver from indicator, and he is stuck on the traffic. He has been there for more than one hour, and he will be picking up the food in five minutes. So he will be with you, but it will be a little delay. I am really sorry for all this. So I'm calling to inform this to you. Probably he will be there in around twenty-five minutes, more or less, because. He's supposed to be picking up the food, like for now, and he will be there driving to your location. No problem. I do understand your point, and no worries at all. I can definitely go ahead and remote it. Delivery fee for you, for sure. There is no need for you to worry about it. I'm going to apply that credit. Okay. Thank you. So, do you have any other question or something else that I can do for you today? Yes, that is hundred percent sure. You're supposed to be receiving proper updates within the. Within the period of time of the order, so yeah, you're supposed to be receiving proper updates. There is no need for you to worry about it. Correct. I understand your point, and Emily. I am really sorry. I already talked to both. I received a call from the restaurant, and also I talked to the driver. I talked to the driver around ten minutes ago, more or less, and he told me that he was at that time seven minutes away from the restaurant. So probably he's picking up the food now, and then he will be going to you. Okay, with you? Not a problem. Do you have any other questions? Thank you so very much for giving us a call, and for taking the call. Have yourself a good day. Thank you.
