Hi, thank you for calling Easy Cater. This is Stephanie on the recording line. How can I help you? Sure, I'll do my best to help you out with that. Just want to confirm the account that pre-populated. This phone number is under the name of Jack. I'm speaking to him. Nice to meet you, Jack. I see you were working on an order from Burmese Superstore. Is that the one you're calling for? Okay, hold on. Let me pull it up. Okay, how can I help you with it? Uh huh. Uh huh. Like, you place the order and someone else pick it up? Hmm. Let's see. Usually, it gives you an option to leave like a special note. Hold on, should be at the checkout page. Let me double check. Hold on. Um. Um. Um. Yes, I see it is not populated. So it seems like that option is not populated because you're picking up the order. But if not, you can just leave a note on any of the items on the menu, like someone else will will pick up the order and leave their name and maybe phone number, so the caterer is aware of that. The caterer has totally access to any special note you put in any of the item, and they'll be aware. That somebody else will be picking up the order. You actually, I can put the note for you, so it is updated on your end, and you can put the place the order. Let me just go ahead and open up any item and add a special note. Would it be the name of a person that will be picking up the order? Can you tell the last name one more time, please? Uh huh. Li okay, got you. And what's her phone number? Uh huh. Zero five one eight got you. Let me just add the note. Okay, I just added the note. Hold on. If you could possibly refresh it from your end so it is up to date, you will not lose any data on the order, so no worries. And then you can continue and just. Place the order. Uh huh. Right, take out. I just see the order is set for pickup at two forty-five, so no worries. No. No worries. So, usually, ask that just to show you the restaurants available at the area, city, and state. You know, so no worries; it won't be delivered. Okay. Is there anything else? Absolutely. Absolutely, I have their phone number in case you want to reach out to them to let them know that you're on your way to pick up, or ahead, I can. Can give them a call to inform them to pick it up. Let me know once you're ready. Sure. Let me know once you're ready. Five one zero two zero seven double eight thirty seven. Gotcha. Yes. I'm glad to hear that. Is there anything else I can do for you? Thank you for calling. Same to you. Bye bye for now. Hi, Jack. This is Stephanie from Easy Cater on a recorded line. Just wanted to follow up with you and. Because I missed something up, and I think that's important. If you can give to Hannah the order number, so she can pick up at the restaurant with the order number, and the store can give them and locate the order easier and avoid any confusion. Okay. Okay, amazing. Just want to inform me about that and give you a heads up. Okay, amazing! Thank you so much. My pleasure. Happy Waterford. Same to you. Bye bye.
