How can I help you? Sure thing. I'll be more than glad to assist you. I can see two orders. The one for tomorrow. Oh, they both are for tomorrow. Let's see. Okay, sorry to hear that they have not accepted yet. I can see that. Yes, that is the one that has not been accepted. We um we have tried many times, and that's what I'm showing here. I will try at least one once more. It's showing here that they are closed at 3 p.m. So that could be the reason why. I'm gonna still trying. Um, let's see. Is your name Miss Sandra Sanchez? Okay, thank you. Let me see the lead time that they need to accept orders. Oh, 3 p.m. Let's see. That's all. So they were. They were. Okay. Yeah. No, no, that's understandable. This what could happen. And again, I will try. I don't mind at all. But this is what I've seen. Whenever the the cater, let's say for example, they said, okay, you can send the order because the cutoff time has passed. Some of the times they they are not within or at the store, let's say, and then they're gonna go ahead and and accept the order in the morning. Some of them they get there at three a.m., four a.m. in the morning, five a.m. in the morning. So that's the reason why they probably they have not accepted. I don't want to misinform you. Of course, I will try to call, and I I I'm gonna see if I can send reminders as well. Okay, but this is the type of caterers that do that some of the time. So, do you mind if I place in every call? Do you prefer me to give you a call back? It's gonna be really quick. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'll be right back. Hi, this is Sandy calling you from Easy Cater on our call line. This is in regards to an order that is going to be for tomorrow at 8 a.m. 7:45 to 8 a.m. The customer just would like to know, making sure the order will be accepted. It was a last-minute one that we were able. To get permission to send, I will go ahead and send the the order over so that you can see it and make sure the customer received your acceptance. For details, you can give us a call back to 1-800-488-1803. Thank you again for it. Have an excellent day. Hi, this is Sandy calling you from Easy Cater on our call line. This is Andrew Garst to an order that is going to be for tomorrow at 7:45 to 8 a.m. Order number J R Q eight one M as a mother. So the customers would like to make sure you guys are aware of the order and that you're going to be able to accept it. For details, you can give a circle back to 1-800-488-1818. Zero three. Thank you again for your time. Have an excellent day. Hi, Miss Tracy. This is Sandy calling you from EC Cater on our call line. This is. In regards to an order that is going to be for tomorrow, 7:45 to 8:00 a.m. Order number J R Q 8 1 M as a mother. So the customer just contact us requesting to know and making sure the order was accepted. We can see that you accepted to to have this was this order sent. However, it has not been accepted yet. So for details, you can give us a call back to 1-800. Four eight eight one eight zero three. If you need us to go ahead and accept it, thank you so very much for your time of an extending. Thank you very much for waiting. Can you hear me? Hello. Thank you. Thank you so much, Miss Sandra. So I wasn't able to speak with the with the caterer. I try to call every number that I can see, but they all send me to voicemail. I was also reviewing the notes when they accepted to have this order sent, so that they can see it. I do see here that a manager did that. However, They just couldn't accept the order, and I don't know if that's okay for you to, for us to keep on trying in the morning, since they gave us the permission to send the order. Maybe they just forgot to accept it, and they haven't mapped. But it's up to you, Miss Andrea. Okay. Yes. Oh, of course. Yes. I will schedule a call tomorrow. They said they open at seven, but again, if they open at seven, they must be there earlier. So we're going to start doing that at six, five thirty in the morning, six, so that we can just try to see if like somebody else is is responding. Funding back, okay. But yes, probably that's what it is, okay. You're very welcome. Thank you very much for calling and waiting, okay. Have a good one.
