Hi, John. My name is Brian Wayne. How are you today? So, I'm a part. I'm not sure you're familiar, but I'm part of the Motor Trend group that just got acquired by First officially as of Monday. Was our first day technically with First, and I'm going through the health insurance process right now, trying to go through and select all my benefits and all that stuff. And I just have a question on doing some classification on. I'm trying to add my stepdaughter. She's currently under coverage at our. She's under. She's currently covered under my previous employer till the end of the month with that insurance benefit. However, it says according to the verification document, her mother and I are are actually no longer together. But for a stepchild, it says it needs a birth certificate, and it says quote both documents to verify spouse or partner. And I'm just trying to understand what what documents specifically are necessary for me to include her. Because if she loses her insurance through me, then she will not have coverage at all. So I would ideally like to keep her on my insurance moving forward, so that she's covered in everything. But I didn't have to do much of this with my current, my my previous employer. So I'm just I want to make sure I get it done right, and you know, be able to submit everything as soon as possible to make sure. Through for the verification process, you know. On top of that, we have pending, like, um, like, you know, she's in the middle of a like orthodontia service right now too. So, like, I want to make sure that come February first, like, she everything is, you know, just a simple like, hey, we're changing insurance from A to B, and she's covered, and here's all the new information. So, I'm just kind of trying to understand that whole process and, you know, what needs to be done to continue that. Sure. 嗯。   嗯。 Yeah.  But so, but so her mother and I aren't together, though. So that was. Because from what I was made aware of when when I made the when I had the qualifying event and updated the insurance, I was specifically told like since my daughter would not have medical insurance after this event, that she would require it to stay on and have coverage. She's my stepdaughter, so so I guess yeah. But you're saying the doctor. Ownership of like federal taxes, like I don't have. She's not on federal taxes, but obviously, like her mother and I aren't. We're no longer together, but there's also you said joint ownership, but she's a child, so there'd be nothing that would have her on as joint ownership. Are those the only available documents that will support being able to include her into the insurance benefits? Okay, because I also sent an email to magazine benefits at Hursis. Are those same departments, or two complete different ones? Okay. Alright, then I'll I'll reach out to HR. Thank you so much. You too. Thank you.
