Hi, thank you for calling Theater. This is Paula on the recording. How can I help you? Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear about that. Let me go ahead and take a look into the order here, real quick. Okay, give me one moment. Alrighty, just to confirm, am I speaking with Aaron? Okay, I think I got you right here. Alrighty, Aaron, I think I got it. Okay, so what is missing from the order? Do you know? Oh no. You did. You did also. Okay, let me go ahead and take a look. I would, well, we would need to go ahead and call the restaurant in here, but we would need to double check what exactly is missing. So, I'm not sure if there's any way we can check if the classic tostada salads are there. Or if the double chicken tostada salads are there, I can wait in here for you so that I can call them. Yes, it's twenty ground chicken bowl. There's only one. Okay. Got you. Okay, I'll go ahead and let them know in here real quick. See if they can go ahead and re-deliver it. Okay. Let. Let me try my best. Is it possible I can? You found the two rows, you said, right? Perfect. Okay. Okay. So it's we're missing the 19 ground chicken balls, correct? Perfect. Alrighty. Let me go ahead and talk to them here real quick. Is it possible I can place your a brief hold, or I can just call you back? Awesome. Thank you so much. Bear with me. Hi. This is Paula from. Easy Cater on a recorded line. I'm calling regarding an order from a Boyleco. I'm not sure if you can help me with this. I tried calling them, but they're not answering. But I'm not sure if you have a phone number from them. It is the 2795 Main Street in San Diego. Uh huh. Perfect. Thank you so much. That's actually the phone number I actually dialed. Is there? Do you know any manager I can talk to, maybe? Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Four one zero. Through four one zero. Okay, Jose. Awesome, already. Thank you so much. Already. Bye bye. Hi, thank you so much for holding. I'm so sorry for the waiting. Alrighty, I wanted to let you know I'm still working on it. I'm trying to call the store, but they're not answering. So I'm gonna go ahead and call some managers or the owners, needed to get you an answer. Okay, if there, if there's no way they can re-deliver, is will the like, will there be any way you can pick this up? Or okay, okay, alrighty, no problem. Let me try my best in here. I'll I can place you on hold a couple more minutes, or I can just call you back once I have an answer from them. Of course, I'll give you a call back once I have an answer. Okay. Um, I have a number, the one you're calling from, which is a seven zero two seven six seven sixteen twenty three. Is this the one? Perfect. Okay. Alrighty, I'll talk to you soon. Bye bye. Hi, this is Paula from Easy Cater on a recorded line. Am I speaking with Jose? Hey, Jose, I'm sorry to bother you. I was given your phone number to discuss about an order that the customer just received and is missing a lot of food. So I'm not sure if he can help me with this. This is twenty-seven ninety. 55 Main Street in San Diego, from Apoyo Local. The only problem is that this is an easy cater order, so one of our drivers pick up the order, and we're unable to send another driver. So we just wanted to check if you guys were able to deliver, because customers not able to pick up. I tried calling the store, but they're not answering. So I'm not sure if you can help me with that. Yeah, so basically, we are the customer is missing 19 Grande chicken balls. Yes, Grande. Round the chicken box. Correct. Okay, is it possible? Uh huh. No, no. We wanted to check. No, unfortunately, we don't have a driver to pick this up. Um, we can. The the customer is also unable to pick up, so we just wanted to check if you guys were able to to deliver. You can try to use. Third-party app or something like that. Uh huh. Okay, and I, it's up to you. I can go ahead and call the store again, or I, I can send you the information. But I don't know how you want me to send you the information. Okay, yeah, I can send you. I can send you a text message, but I will go ahead and need from you. Is there should I provide an ETA to the customer? Would you guys be able to deliver it? Okay, as soon as possible. Okay, thank you so much. Already, Jose. Talk to you soon. Bye, bye. Hi, Aaron. This is Paula from Easy Cater on a recorded line. I'm just following up with you regarding the order. From a Boyleco, so we talked to the restaurant. They are able to make the order, however, they don't have any delivery driver available to send it over. So our only two options: it's either I can get you a refund for the order, or we can go ahead and prepare the food and and so that so that you can send someone to pick this up. Unfortunately. Okay, I'll go ahead and refund you for the missing items in here. Okay, I truly apologize, and I'll go ahead and send you a 20% discount on a future order discount as well. Okay. Uh huh. We can try. Like, if you want me to, I can try to find a replacement order and try to call some caterers and see if they can they can deliver it in the next 15 minutes. But it's gonna take me a while. Yeah, totally. No problem. Let me go ahead and check if we can do a replacement order. Give me one second. I'll try to. Of course. Of course. Oh no, I got you. No, you're totally right. Let me try to find what we have available. Okay. Now, I most likely will suggest sandwiches or pizzas, which is the fastest. Without. So you want bowls, individual food. All right, perfect. Alrighty, no problem. I'll go ahead and try my best. I promise you. Let's see if it takes longer. What's the latest, so that I know? One fifteen. Perfect. Alrighty. Latest, latest. Okay, perfect. Let me go ahead and try my best in here, and we we go from there. Okay, I'll I'll give you a call back. Alrighty. Bye bye.
