Hello. May I speak with Xavier? Hello. My name is Holly, and I'm a Sharecare Engagement Specialist calling on behalf of the Ingredient Healthy You Program. How are you? How are you? I'm doing just fine. Thanks so much for asking, and I'm glad to hear you're doing good yourself, Xavier. That's wonderful. Absolutely. And the reason for my call. This afternoon was that we just wanted to remind you about the access you have through that Ingredient Healthy You program. Of of course, at no cost to you, to that online experience, as well as over the phone personal health coaching to help support your overall health. Absolutely. Have you by chance heard of our program before? Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Are you enjoying the program? Ah, fantastic! I love to hear that you're having a positive experience. That's fantastic. So you might be familiar as well with some of those different areas that your coach would be able to help you focus on. Would be weight management, as well as exercise, nutrition, helping you to manage stress, or even quitting tobacco products, to name a few. For you. Certainly, and this would be your very own personal coach to be able to focus on you. And I would love to get you scheduled back into your calls again, so you can experience this benefit. And I must also share with you that our call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Thank you as well. And so, thank you. And so, I may open up your chart here and get you scheduled. Would you please confirm your name, mailing address, and date of birth to remain HIPAA compliant? Oh, of course, and we are always here to help further support everything that you're already doing so well, and perhaps help you explore new areas in the future you might be interested in. As I see that you are active on that platform, I can always text you over a link that would give you more information at your convenience about the coaching program. Most certainly, we're always here for you in the future at the Ingredient Healthier Program. Thank you so much for your time, and I hope you have a good rest of your day. Thank you. Bye bye.
