Thank you for calling Easy Cater. This is Christian on recorded line. How can I help you today? Okay. Got it. Thank you, Mr. Jason. Let me one moment so I can pull up the order. See. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Jason. I do see the order that you submitted for the little Pete for tomorrow at, I believe, eleven forty-five a.m. delivery. Correct. Okay. Let me write it down. Okay, no problem in that case. Let me check here my system. Any of the menu items. Okay, no problem. So you want to check if they could do what you requested, if you replace the falafel with tofu instead, and check if there is nuts in any of the menu items, correct? Okay, no problem, Naki. Well, I can get in contact with the store directly to check with them. I was just wondering, then, Mr. Jason. In the meantime, would I talk with the caterer? Would you prefer if I call you back if I place the call on hold? Okay, good, Mister Jason. That is. I'm gonna go ahead and check with the store, and I'll call you right back once I get an update from them. Of course, Mister Jason. Talk to you soon. Bye bye. 嗯。 Yes, hello. This is Christian Cohen on behalf of ECK on a recorded line, and we were just reaching out to check on that order that was. Been submitted for tomorrow at 11:25 a.m. pickup time, and I was wondering if you could help me regarding the order. We just want to confirm some details. Thank you. Okay, so in that case, one of the things that the customer wanted to check first would be, while the meantime, while I'm checking, may I know who I have the pleasure speaking with? Thank you, Mister. Okay. In that case, yes. Well, one of the first things that the customer wanted to check was regarding the beat file. For ball menu item, so he had some special instructions there. He was wondering if you could see them. Yeah, for that they were wondering to know if it was possible to replace the beat falafel for tofu. Okay, got it. Okay, understood. Let me write it down. And the other thing that kid, the customer wanted to check if there was any sort of knots. On any of the menu items on the order, which would be the beet falafel bowl, the roasted chicken, the baked beet falafel, the sweet and spicy tofu, the basmati rice, the shaved Brussels sprouts, and the sweet potatoes. There were whenever there's no nuts in any of those menu items. Let me double check. Okay, got it. In that case, yeah, if anything contains any sort of non-organic sweetener, as long as you don't add them, that would be fine. But I only see ricotta that we're the only menu item, then I guess. Okay, understood. Yes, it's that one. It will be three R two. Yes, C W Z O and Zebra. Correct. That's the order. Yeah, it just came over like around twenty or so minutes ago, I believe. Around ten or twenty minutes. No problem. I said in that case, we just want to. Yes. That is correct. Yes. Yes, that is correct. So, yeah, we they wanted to replace. That is correct. Yes. No problem. I'm like these are the things that we wanted to confirm the other, so I'm gonna go ahead and let the customer know. Ah, in this case. Um, let me just double check. Yes, I do see that. Okay, I was just wondering if you're able to do the beat falafel bowl, but instead of the beat falafel, just replace the tofu. Um, that would be. Ah, yes, I understand. Okay, yeah, I do. Sweet and spicy tofu, I do see that here. Okay, in that case, if you if you could add it manually on your end, we will be for the best because I'm not able to modify the menu item itself. Let's see. Yes, I. No, no worries. In that case, yes, my name is Christian. No problem, sir. In that case, well, I'm gonna go ahead and back to the customer to let them know. Thank you, Mr. Have a great day. Yes, hello, Mr. Jason. This is Christian calling back on behalf of ECK on a recorded line. Mr. Jason, we were just switching back out recording, catering order you submitted for the little bit for tomorrow. Just wanted to let you know that I just finished speaking with the catering regarding the clarification. So yes, they are okay with. They did see the instructions to replace the bit file for for tofu. They can accommodate that, so they will do it. And the other thing is, of course, no problem. The other thing is that they confirmed for me that none of the menu items contain nuts, so it should be safe. It was a pleasure, Mr. Jason. I'm just gonna finish writing down this information on the notes here. But is there anything else I can help you with today? Of course, Mr. Jason. In that case, well, thank you so much for reaching back out, and I hope you have a great rest of your day. 拜拜。
