Thank you for calling from your flowers. My name is Vineet. How can I help you today? Hello. Good afternoon. Yeah, tell me the order number. Yes. Give me the moment, sir. I'm checking. Yeah, I need your first and last name, please. I need your first and last name, sir. Can you tell me your first and last name? Your name. Okay. Can you please tell me the customer person, the person you sending the flowers, the person first and last name? Okay, bye. Thank you so much. Just give me the moment. Hold the line, please. Give me the moment, sir. Hold the line. Okay, so so as I check the status of your order, your order has been delivered, sir. The florist sent me the confirmation. They had been delivered the order. Okay. Okay, so they not receive the flowers, correct? Okay, so give me the address confirmation. The address, tell me the address. What was the address, sir? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So you place order on our online website. As a check from my side, the address you putted in the order, four two two two four two two, Princeton Avenue. Philperea nine one one nine one one one Philperea, and the phone number two six seven two four three nine two nine four. Is it correct? Yeah, give me the moment. I'm checking the address. Okay, I'm verifying the address in my system. Be with me. Okay, so so the address is you given to us four two two, Penniston Avenue, one nine one one one Philpida, okay. Ah, Philadelphia, yes, it's a Philadelphia, and the phone number two six seven two four three nine two nine four. Is it correct? Yeah, it's the correct address and the phone number, right? Okay, so they deliver as per the address. Okay, so they follow your guidelines. They deliver as per the address, sir. But you still saying they not receive the flowers, correct? Okay, so we are still, uh, we are still sending notes to our florist. Okay, we are getting a confirmation, and we are asking for confirmation with the florist, and we said to the florist that customer still saying, do they not receive the flowers? Okay, so just wait for a few moments. So I'm checking the timing and the arrangement just to be with me. Okay, so it's yeah, it's a three p.m. So okay, so we are still considering with the flowers that few of us are delivery proof. Okay. Okay. Yes. Okay. So we need we so we already sent the notes to the flowers and tell them that please confirm the delivery with the time and the proof of the delivery. The customer is claiming non delivery. Okay. If we get approved, then we can update you. Okay, don't worry. Okay, and if still, just wait for the few moment. If there's still no update on your flowers, just call us back. We will help you for that. Okay, we're just a show, and we are still with our florist. Okay, and we are working on your order. So we're just a show. Okay, and we will help you for definitely. Okay, okay. Thank you so much. Thank you so much, sir. Have a great day. Be happy and stay safe. Is anything else I can assist you? Thanks. Yeah. Thank you so much. So I'm glad to be happy. And see you. Bye bye.
