To get rid of the where it says it converts to, and then you have a choice where it says common or prefer. I think it was pre-filled, and then I didn't blank them out, so they have like like all the un or not required terms. I'd like to change that. Sorry, I'm going to try to find. Okay, yeah, no problem. So, I wonder if we assigned it to the wrong to the wrong safe note. Was it the wrong one? Let me let me look that up real quick to make sure the holder. Richard, I'm sorry, Nicholas Richard. Yeah. Safe thirty four. Yeah, well, I guess I'm so wonder if we assigned it to the wrong like note or the the block basically. It looks like we assigned it to safe financings, and then it looks like there's CN notes and safe convertibles. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah, you know, I was wondering about that. That's kind of a newer feature. I hadn't worked. Through before, so can you just delete that safe, and then maybe you can walk me through why? Because before we used to only do safes in one set, in one area, and then now there's like two or three options. It seems like. Yeah, yeah. So it looks like the company just, either the company or whoever you know created other terms. Oh, maybe they did that. Okay, so I this is the first time I'm working with this client, and then I think the interface is a little different. For me as well, like the card interface. Yeah, and and I can I can help you update as well. I mean, I can just update the terms. Like, if you think we just need to move it into into safe convertibles, that should change everything. And then from there, you can just update the. Sorry, just a second here. Okay. And so, what is the difference between? Why is it? I mean, aren't they the same? So, like, say the agreement is the agreement. Why are there two like areas that we would draft them or or? Yeah, yeah. So if you go on the right-hand side where it says "Manage," so if you go to Securities, Convertibles, Manage Convertible Terms. Let me see where where it was. So go to Securities, Convertibles, and then View Convertible Terms. Yeah, I did all that, and then I go into the Safe Convertibles. Right? Is that what what I'm trying to do? Or on the right-hand side, actually. Yes. So if you just go to. Securities, convertibles, on the right-hand side, managed convertible terms, and then if you click on Edit convertible terms. Okay, sorry. No problem. And if I need to, I need to say it again. No worries. Maybe I'm not looking at the same thing you are. So, what's the main page that we're trying to get to? Yeah. So, if you just follow the same that that workflow, essentially, so securities, uh-huh, convertibles, convertibles. I see it. And then on the right-hand side, you'll see like draft. Convertibles, and then you'll see next to that, managed convertible terms. I don't have that. Oh, okay. Let's see. Maybe I don't have authority because the attorney I'm working with added me, so I don't know if he's able. What he added me as, I can't see it. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, so it looks like that's what it is. Yeah, because you're looks like you're listed as a company editor. Oh, and then what's Kojio? Kojio added me. He an administrator? Yeah, or no, he's he's a company editor as well. Oh, so he can only add me as an editor, and I and usually I'm a legal administrator, right? So that's the next level up, is that right? Yeah, yeah. So you can only send out like securities with with the legal admin, like with that permission set. Um. Oh, but but it's left letting me draft the securities, though. That's weird. You you can draft, but you can't you can't send. Like you can't. Send it into the cap table, unless it let you. Oh, but I already am. No, or or is it not showing up in the cap table? This new one I just released. It is. Let me see here. Yeah, it looks like you did send that. So I can send it, but I can't correct them. It looks like. That shouldn't be the case. No wonder, because it looks so different from how I usually see it. Yeah, you're right. Like I usually am able to. Like if I make a mistake, I can just. Go in and, you know, revise it. Yeah, you can just correct exactly, just modify that. Mm-hmm. Let me take a look here, 'cause I wonder, like, with the law firm, I wonder if you're listed as a legal administrator. Maybe that's why. I don't know. Like, I literally just got put on this yesterday. I don't remember the day before, and and I can take a look. Yeah, let me let me see. Let me just pull it up. Yeah, usually I have it in a dropdown. Yeah, your your list is a legal admin, yeah, in the back for the firm. I love screens. So what I can do is I can just I can just update it. Okay. Or or I can. So I don't understand because usually, if I have it on the drop down, it just lets me do whatever I want. So is it different now, or did Carter change that? No, no, it's yeah. For some reason, the law, the and I think it's because the attorney didn't have the right access. He he didn't have like the upper access level. He didn't have. Legal admin access, and so he just used his same like whatever he had, which is company editor. Okay, he used the same for you, but since since I see on the on the firm you're you're listed as legal admin, let me let me go ahead and and quickly update that for you. Okay, I appreciate that. Yeah, this is the first time I.
