Thank you for calling this operator. My name is Ryan on the line. How may I help you? Hi, how may I help you today? Um. Okay, I'll do my best to help you. Checking. If that's something that's going to work for the guest, is this Bobby Patel by any chance? Okay. Do you, by any chance, only have one single driver? Hello, you still with me? Yes, if you are working just with one single driver. I see. Okay, understood. All right. Let me first of all check the order you want to modify. Which one of the ways? It if you can give me the address, maybe. Okay. Uh huh. I see. Okay, I understand. And just making sure, this one, the red Avington Road, you want 151 Alder Road, as you mentioned. You will change it to what time? Earlier or maybe later? Okay, so you you can do it between eleven forty-five and eleven fifty. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. I got you. Okay, understood. If that's the case, I'm going to be asking the guests if they want—I mean, if it works for them—and then I'll let you know if if they agreed to the modification. Right. Okay. Thank you so much. I'll be back in just a moment. Sure. Hello, this is Brian. I'm calling you from Easy Cater on a recorded line in reference to order number ZPQ4Z1, supposed to be delivered from California Tortilla at 11:30 a.m. tomorrow. The reason why we are calling you is because the store actually called us just a moment ago, explaining to us that, I mean. They would like to get the time change to 11:45 a.m. to 12 p.m. delivery because it seems that due to delivery logistics, they would prefer actually to do it that way to give enough time to the driver to to deliver and some other orders that they have available. Let us know at your earliest convenience if this is something possible by calling the 100 48183. You can as well email us or text us at any time. Thank you. Have a good day. Thank you so much for your holding time. I truly appreciate it. Okay, so I attempted to call the guest a few times, but it seems that the guest is on. Responsive at the moment. So what I'm doing now to inform the guests and so we can get a reply as soon as possible is that I'm sending a text message and a few emails to them. Hopefully, we get a response soon today. Once we do, we'll be making sure on calling you back. We'll also will be trying to call them until we get an answer because we know how urgent the situation is, and we'll we'll try to follow up. Okay. Okay, sure. Not sure. Maybe you need help with anything else. Maybe. Do you need help with anything else by any chance? Right. Sure, understood. Thanks again for calling. Have a good day, Bobby. Bye bye.
