Reserved this 357,104, and that if any shares subsequently expire, terminate, or other ways cease to be subject to option, up to a maximum of 5,42,896. Up to that five hundred thousand, what? Eight. What are they saying? Shares, shares of common stock. Okay. So then, it has to have under five hundred thousand reserved in the new plan. Okay, hold on one second. Shares issued under the plan will be drawn from authorized unissued shares, treasury, blah blah. Um, in addition, subject. To adjustment from time to time, as provided by this plan, any shares of common stock that are subject. Hmm. Maybe I should find that out. I guess that's a little unclear to me. Because I don't think that. Okay, I am confused. I'm so sorry. I will. We can link them. It's pretty simple, you know, written back and forth. So when. When you're, you know, like you know, okay, as of, you know, September first, or or another date that we want it linked, we can take your permission to link them. Um, and if if say maybe the old plan needs to be edited to where the reserve shares are eight hundred thousand instead, or the new plan be edited, um, I would I would recommend you know having those reserve. Amounts amended and in place before we do the linking for the pour over. If they need to be changed, we can always unlink it. You can change the reserve shares at a later time, and then we re-link it with that that date that you provide. So that's not a huge deal. It's just it's easier for you if you don't have to go back and do it. And yeah, then that will pour into you know everything from the old plan. That, like you had mentioned earlier, would traditionally go back to would just go into the new one. So you would be using the new one moving forward. Okay. So then, if let me just, if I'm looking at the cap table and I'm looking at the options, and the like issued and outstanding options under that original stock plan. If it's if issued and outstanding is, sorry, I I'm just trying to see anything that is issued and outstanding under that original stock plan. If we link it, will go back into the new pool. Is that right? Yes, if and when it's say cancelled or. Sent back, yes. Okay, and that would be applicable to would I? Would that be applicable to all options granted or options outstanding? Everything connected to the plan. Okay. So, if an option is exercised as well, and there's a certificate that's connected, and that certificate is. Purchased, and the option is selected to send it back to the plan. Traditionally, it would go back to the stock option plan, but if they're linked, then that would instead go back into the 2023 equity incentive plan to be available for issuance for another option later. Okay. All right. All right. Well, I will talk to the attorney and get a little bit more. Clarification before we start linking. I am clearly confused by what we need to do. Okay. Yeah. No worries. It sounds like maybe.
