Hi, this is Rosa calling from San De Los Altos. I'm just looking at my account. Real Liberty Reliability Rockstar. You guys take it away from my account without no reason. I need that come back to my account immediately. Stays even 99% on time. I never be late. I did a crazy amount of delivery every month, and I'm paying you guys since the beginning of this year $22,000 commission. So I need that badge back on my account. Are you there? Hello. Yes. I was going to send the email, but I want you guys to do it right now. Like because I've seen boredom for me, like one hour ago. I need to talk to someone, dear. I need to talk to someone about this issue, like sending an email. I understand, but this is not a joke for me. I'm paying twenty-two thousand dollar commission to Easy Cater, and with the respects with all of you guys, you guys just sitting behind the desk. I'm bussing my tail here with the food delivery, with everything, managing everything, like eight or nine deliveries per day. I'm bussing my tail for this, and you guys getting the commission and just playing. My account, like whenever you want to, this is not right. Even when you want to take that away, you have to let me know why you are taking away. I've never been late, like on any deliveries, and I did over like crazy amount of deliveries, like since beginning of this year. So you guys cannot just like go and do it whenever you want or whatever you want. And I'm like 99% hundred satisfaction rate. So as I said, like I don't like you guys going and keep taking and playing with my account. 嗯。 Yeah, I don't have any cancellation. I don't have any rejection. I didn't didn't do any late deliveries, and like this is not right. I need that star back on my account. You guys cannot do that in my business whenever you want to. This is not right. Yeah, and I want the rockstar back on my account for this month. I'm not going to wait for next month. This month, it should be back. And even if you look at my account, I have 99% on time. So I don't know why you guys took it off.  And who is there? Who is there that I cannot talk to them? Who is there? Who's the manager of my account? Do I have any account manager or anything? Because I'm really upset. So, and as year to date, I'm looking at the numbers. I gave you guys twenty-two thousand dollar commission in just three months. So, like, I pay like almost like ten thousand dollar for these past three months. Like twenty-two thousand dollar I pay just commission to you today, there. And this is not a way that I have to call and like look for why. You guys messing up with my account. So, if this is gonna be the case, I'd be more than happy not to working with this operator anymore because, like, this is not the right way to trading the client. Yeah. Okay. Sounds good. No, that's the. Yeah.
