Hey, hi. My name is Pam Gillingham, and I had placed a catering order for lunch tomorrow. I placed it earlier today, and just realizing now that they have not confirmed, and of course, now I'm worried. So, just wanted to. Talked about that? Yeah. Yeah, I think this is. If you're pulling it up by my phone number, I think it's not under this phone number. That might be why. But the order number is 8JQ083. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yep. Okay. Yeah. Correct. Oh. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, no, that would be great. And I, yeah, I was just looking at their times, but I think, unless this is incorrect, they they were open for dinner tonight. So that's the only thing that makes me a little nervous is that someone was. Wasn't looking at this, or I guess I've had it happen before, where they see the order and they just forget to hit confirm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I wish I would have thought to like think of this earlier. So, no, I know you're right. There's really nothing that we can do at this point. So, I guess hopefully, I mean it says, I mean it says that they open at eleven. 30 tomorrow. So, and I know there. No, and I was gonna say, and it's saying where I'm, what I'm looking at. It says their delivery service service starts at 11:30. So, I mean, I would assume people will be in before that, and looking to see what they've got for the day. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, that's great. And they're not far from the practice where I was hoping to have it delivered. They they're not very far at all. So, yeah. Yeah, and it's like, and it's not a huge order either, you know. It's like a dozen orders or whatever, something around there. So, hopefully, it won't be too difficult for them to turn around, you know, even in the morning if they somehow missed it today. So, okay, well, I'm glad, I'm glad at least you're on it and can let whomever is there in the morning know so they can get on it, and hopefully, everything will be okay. Okay, thank you. I appreciate it. Nope, that was it. Thank you. You too. Take care. Bye.
