Support. Support pin. Oh, is that what you want? Mhm. Four seven seven nine three seven. Nine three seven. Okay. And this is Lawrence. Lawrence Hollander, and it's the Lawrence J. Hollander Revocable Living Trust. Okay, the revocable living trust. Okay, and I've got an email from you that I think, yeah, it's from Carter saying that they want you you want to send me money, and I have to fill in some information, and I'm locked there, so I was hoping. Well, I can give you whatever you need verbally. Okay, let me check here. Oh, this is for the fund in connection with an upcoming distribution from DreamIt Fund Three. Right. Okay, got it. So, because this is related to the fund, I will actually need to connect you with the Venture Capital team. Because they are the ones that handle funding, Karla, and they will be able to further assist you. Okay, I have two thanks for you for your help so far, and more importantly, for your patience. I'm 83 years old, and I hate this. Yeah, I will because I don't know how this works on their end. So, I mean, they will be able to to check with you. Yes, I understand. Any other ways? Okay, let me just put you on hold for a moment. Okay. Hi, you're calling, Carter. Oh, hey Ashley. Hey Ashley, how are you? I'm good. What's up? I am speaking with Lawrence, and he needs to connect a wire account to receive distributions from the DreamIt Fund. This will be on his account under the Lawrence G. Holland Revocable Living Trust, DTD. November nineteenth, two thousand seven, and he's eighty-three years old, and he's just wondering if there's anything else he could do other than trying to figure out how to connect his wire account, which I believe not, but yeah, he's nice. He's just like not, of course, very tech savvy because he's yeah he's already eighty-three years old. Gotcha. Sounds good. Yeah, you can transfer. From Orvis, he's verified, right, with that email. Yes, he's verified. Okay, all right. I can help him then. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, Lawrence. Yes. Hi. Thank you so much for holding. I have Ashley here on the line, and she's with the Venture Capital team, and we'll continue to assist you from here. Okay. Thank you. Hi, Lawrence. How are you? Ah, I'm. I'm. I'm getting there. I told the other gal, I'm 83 years old, and I hate this kind of stuff. So.
