The issue date. Oh yeah, no, this is released within like the last week. I'll have to find it later, but we can help you. We can help you get them resolved here. So, let's see. We would have to. You can't. There's nothing you can do to reverse the repurchase, or. Well, we can reverse the repurchase. I'm trying to think if. I think we can just switch the cancel date, and then the issue date for the new ones. So all the new ones are August 31st, 2023. There's only one certificate, CS 31, that was cancelled or repurchased, and the cancel date for CS 31 and the issue date for CS 36 is issued as of. July 31st, 2023, and it should be August 31st, 2023. Oh, okay. So we're only correcting the one. I see. Okay. Yeah. So CS 31, CS 36. Let's do that. Changes. Two dates. Where's cancel date? I don't think I can do that in bulk changes. Well, because they're different dates. One's an issue date, and the other is a cancellation date. Yeah, yeah, but no problem. Stop it. Okay. That's not good. Hold on, let me try this again. Just gave me an error. Okay, back to Skims. Changes. It. Spreadsheet, certificates, issue date, download spreadsheet. And I've I've issued a repurchase incorrectly before, and I've been able to reverse it. It's just this once because it was issued as an RSU that I can't. So if I can do it in other methods, I figured that Karta could easily do it. Uh, yeah. I mean, and you said this is a. This is an RSU. It for some reason, when I'm trying to reverse the repurchase or edit the RSU date, I have no idea how this was issued, but the issue date says that I cannot be modified, or for certificates that have been transferred. Oh, so yeah, it's just because it was canceled before. Gotcha. I don't know why I can't. Then, when I try to do reverse reverse cancellation, it said available only for canceled certificates or certificates not repurchased from RSU settlements. So maybe because it's been repurchased before. I need to figure this out pretty quickly. So. Yeah, I'm getting there. Issue date. Four, dude, what is going on? It keeps giving me an error. It's like a. I know they're working on that because they had some problems. Come on. Body change. That's the key. Skim's body change. Book changes. There we go. Hurry before errors again. Okay, jeez Louise, that was way too much effort. All right, so that CS thirty six is corrected. The issue date is corrected, and then let me go into the back end. CS thirty one. Django admin. Okay, I'll just edit the notes then. Because it still says, yeah, yeah, I'll have to do.
