Thank you for calling Caliber Team Eight Benefits Center. This is Crystal speaking. Who am I speaking to today? Hi, Mr. Murphy. How are you doing today? All right. How can I assist you today? So when I was in the United States in December, I wanted to get some mail, and they told me that because I didn't have a visa, they wouldn't take my postcard letters to know that they would mail them. So I was just trying to figure out. I had to, you know, post this postcard mail, and I got it now, and I'm just trying to figure out who I need to send it to. Get that put in for the address to get my letter. Okay, and let me see. And what's your son' name? And it's K-A-D-E. You said sorry. I couldn't hear the first letter. Okay, yeah, I see. Cade Murphy. Date of birth is ten ten twenty twenty three. Okay, let's see. Yeah, the medical is the only coverage that would um require the the verification, dependent verification. Okay, um, let's. See here. One moment. Yeah. Let's see. Okay, let me look at your coverage for today. One moment. Okay, so I do see your coverage. You do have it is teammate plus children, and I do see Cade Murphy on here. Let me check the. Status. Okay, so yeah, it doesn't show that he is verified. Let me look at the date here. One moment. Okay. All right. So you do have the option where, not only thing is right now since there isn't. Let me check. Let me. Okay. So you have the option to log on and upload the document. Do you know how to log into the site? Yes. Okay. Once you log in, then you should see a banner on the right where it says you have dependents requiring verification. Do you? See that? You say okay, so you don't see the banner on the right. Okay, I'm gonna give you. I'm gonna give you a website address to go to, if you don't mind. Okay, if you can go. To compass. Dot, Imperian, and I'll spell it out for you. It's E M P Y, R, E A N as in Nancy. Benefits with the S at the end. Dot com. Forward slash caliber. Go ahead and go there. Let me know if you get to the welcome page and you see the black banner on the right. So you'll click on that banner. Well, you're logged in, correct? Okay. Did it take you to the welcome page, or is asking you to log in? Okay. Okay. So that's the the link that you would press. You'll click on that link. The next page, you'll see a button that says "Upload Documentation." That's where you'll. Upload the verification document. Correct. Once you upload the document, it can take seven to ten business days for it to be reviewed and approved. Now, if if anything happens and it's not approved, we will send you correspondence as to why it wasn't. But yeah, generally, as long as you have that. Certificate, you upload it, and our team will review it. You'll see that your your son's status will change. It will show as verified, as the status. Is it one of the long birth certificates? Um. Try probably. Can you crop it out or make it kind of smaller? Okay. All right. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? You said what? Yes, you can. If it doesn't go through, you'll receive an email, and it looks like we have your email. As the work email, it looks like your work and your personal is the same. The Yahoo email, John Murphy two ninety eight. So any correspondents will go to that email. Oh no problem. I want to thank you for calling Caliber Team A Benefits Center, and you enjoy your weekend.
