This is Kayden on a recorded line. How can I help you? Hi. How are you? Thank you. Thank you for asking. All right. Are you referring to the account or to a specific order? All right. Sure. Let me access to that account. Can I have your name, please? Um. Okay. Can I have his name, please? I'm sorry. Sorry, I couldn't understand. What was your first name? Okay, so it's Ephes and Frank, E as in Apple, D as in David. Okay, and what was the last name? Thank you. You say T as in Tom, A N T A H, right? You hear me? Okay, so you're trying to update the menu and the address, you say. All right. First, you update the menu, and you're trying to do it on Easy Manage, right? You went to the option of menu, and then you went to menu update, so you can fill out the form. That's right. It would. It should show you a form, so you can start updating. Or requesting the update of the menu, or what you can do is also you can send an email to menus. Go ahead. I will need to take a look to the. But what you can do is send an email to menus@easycater.com with all the information that you want to include on the menu, and this department will assist you with that. I will need. To know the name of the restaurant, so I can check that. Thank you very much. So you say is Jella, like Y A L L A, burgers and wings. Oh, okay. Thank you. And yes, that's right. There are not there are no pictures right now. Yes, probably. We don't. We are not the department who can help you to modify it. That's why I recommend you to send an email to menus at easyketo dot com. They are the ones who can help you to update the menu. Okay, let me let me verify. Just a moment, okay. Okay, it will be the. Location, or do you requesting to change the billing or mailing address? Oh, I cannot confirm that information because we don't have access to your AC Manage. Yes, um, that's why I'm asking. Are you referring to change the store location, or to change the billing? All right. Um, let me go ahead and check that. Just a moment, okay. Alright, so in this case, in order to change it, you will need to submit it as a new store. So you can go ahead and request this update, also through Easy Manage. There's an option that says "Add New Store," and that's where you can add the information that you need for the new location. Sorry for the inconvenience. So, I remember just go to settings and then click Add New Store. And once it's submitted, our onboarding team will receive the information and will reach out to you via email between a day or two. If you meet our onboarding requirements. All right. Do you have another question? You're welcome. Thank you so much for calling, Missy Gainer. Have a nice day. Bye. Take care.
