Jonathan Murphy. Not too bad. So. When I enrolled in benefits in December, I wanted to put my son on there, and they told me that because I didn't have my birth certificate uploaded, or his birth certificate uploaded to theirs, that they were denying any claims until I could do that. And I'm just trying to figure out. I had to get a birth certificate sent in the mail, and I've got it now. I'm just trying to figure out who I need to get in touch with to get that sent in to have him put on my benefits. It'll be Cade Murphy. A A D E. Okay, that C. Yep. I think he's got vision and dental, but the medical was declined because they didn't have a birth certificate. Right. I just want to get this squared away. He's got an appointment coming up here, not next week, but the following week, and wants to go to get a policy number. And well, he's not covered.  嗯。 Uh huh. I that I have it's my Caliber benefits, correct? So I logged in, and I just I am on the website now. I just don't know I don't know how to upload or where to go to to upload that. The only thing I see is a notification for FSA funds to use by the end of the year. Ah. Sure. 对。嗯。 uhm uh eu Uh, I'm not on this one. Hmm. Yeah, it's definitely logged in. I I just okay. Now I see. Now I see the dependent requirement verification. Okay. I just, I imagine, I just need to take a picture of the birth certificate and then just upload it, and then that's good to go. Okay. Okay. It is telling me the picture is too big of a file. I just haven't. It's not a. Long one. It's just like a size of a regular page of paper. That's that's one idea. Maybe I can try it and see if that'll help a little bit. Yes. All right, there we go. It went through now. So I'm assuming this is the same website that I need to check back with to make sure it went through. The website I'm on now, where I just uploaded that, is that the one I need to check back with here in like a week or so to make sure it went through? Okay, sounds good. Okay. Yep. Yep, that's it. Okay, sounds good. That I wanted to get that taken care of. Thank you so much. You too. Bye.
