Thank you for calling from YouFlowers. This is Avery. How can I help you today? Uh huh. Alright, sir. So I really apologize for the inconvenience. And since you got me here, please let me help you to resolve this issue. So can I have, first, sir? Let's go ahead, sir, and check with your card. So can I have the? Last four digits of the card, which is associated with your PayPal. Hello. All right. I just take your time here. No worries. All right. And is this a MasterCard or a Visa card? Alright, thank you so much. And may I have your full name as well? And I just want to confirm, how much was the order total when you tried to place your order earlier? I thank you so much. And again, you try to place this one just today, correct? Uh huh. But you have received charges, is that correct? All right. So please give a minute or two. Let me check here first. Okay, just one moment. Please stay on the line, Turkey. Thank you so much. Just a second. Hello, sir. All right, hello, sir. So, uh, thank you so much for patiently waiting. And as for checking here, sir, the main reason that your order was not being processed when you used. So when you try to use your card, it is because you, your billing addresser that you put when you try to place the order, if the it is not the one which is associated with your card as well. So for the charge that you have been received, there is nothing to worry because you are not going to be charged for it. It will just going to drop off. Okay. Yes, sir. But it will just go into drop off, sir. Alright, since you did not receive any email confirmation for that order, okay? Um, it will just go into drop off, sir, because it will be just like a pending hold, sir, or a pending charge. So it will not going to take away to your card, sir. It will just go into drop off. It is just. Being hold the amount, okay? Yes, sir. That is correct, sir. And also, since you received that it was being refunded, the four dollars and ninety-nine cents, sir, and you received that email, that is the reason, sir. Uh, that order it was go, it went go through, okay? I don't see anything else, sir, that I can assist you aside from this one. Have a great day, dear. Early Easter and bye bye for now. Bye bye. You too. Have a good day.
