We we were able to get these capital call notices previously, but something has changed. I'm not really sure what, but do you know which? I'm sorry. Go ahead. No, I'm waiting for you. Just take take control, please. Let's go. Okay, so which emails email address used to receive the capital call? The email address that received the capital call is operations at Kingsford K I N G S F O R D L L C dot com. Okay, so after the at, I think I didn't get it. So it's operations at K Kingsford K like King K I N G K Kings. K I N G S F O R D L L C dot com. Okay, got it. Thank you for this information. Just one second, let me take a look on this email. And the capital call that you can't open—it's for which fund? I don't even have access. I—I'm not able to see this investor. The investor is Z, as in zebra. ZF, as in Frank Holdings Two LP. Just one second. Let me see here.  And what is the name of the fund that this investor invested in? Next Ten. Next Ten LP. So N E X T E N L P. Got it. Let me take a look here. Okay, so I'm seeing here on the platform that this email that you provided me does have access to the capital call. But when I take, okay, okay, so when I when I click the link, it goes to my login that goes to my email. Okay, so in other words, it's not belonging to operations at Kingsford. It's going to Kathy Lopez, and under Kathy Lopez, who is me, I can see next ten LP. But it's not for that investor. It's for another. Okay. Okay, got it. So I, I think I know what the problem is. Is because once you click on the link, it doesn't automatically log in you into this different account. So you need to manually log out and log in into this email address. Okay. Well, let me try to do that. So log out. But I don't have. I mean, here's here's where I think it's on our end where we've somehow messed up. Is that? We do not. We no longer have captured anywhere our login information. The individual. Well, let's just see. We have got a wicked web over here. No, that's invalid. I think what we need is a new link, or you know, a refresh for operations at Kingsford LLC because we've forgotten our ID. Okay, got it. So, for compliance reasons, we can't send any documents or any new links. So, you would need to log in. Do you mind just hanging with me for a minute? Sure, happy to. And I'm going to say, forgot password. Yeah, that was I was going to mention. You can request the password to be reset. Okay. Hopefully. Okay. For reset. Well, maybe I'm making more into this than it needed to be, but the problem.
