Hello. May I speak with William? Hi, William. My name is Holly, and I'm a Sharecare Engagement Specialist calling on behalf of the Be Well SHVP program. How are you? Oh, I'm doing just fine. Thank you so much for asking. Absolutely, and I'm glad to hear you're doing good too, William. That's wonderful. And the reason for my call this morning was that we just. Wanted to remind you that you do have access through that Be Well SHVP program to many different health topics that would include managing stress, losing weight, and getting more active. And I was just reaching out to take a couple minutes to go over those options with you. And I must share with you, of course, William. Thank you. That our call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Thank you as well. Our Be Well SHVP program is that over-the-phone based well-being program that offers you a holistic approach to your personal well-being by providing to you some of the most effective health resources, as well as coaching services, for you as well as a covered spouse would be empowered to achieve your, as well as your family's well-being goals to help you pursue a long. Healthier and more fulfilled life, of course. Have you, by chance, ever heard of our program before? Oh, good! Fantastic! You've heard of us? Absolutely. Um, that's good to hear that you have heard of us. So you might be familiar with our well-being coaching calls, where your coach would reach out to you by phone once a month, and on average, those calls last about 15. And as an SHVP member like yourself, William, each time you complete one of those coaching calls, you would earn 40 points, and you can choose to complete up to six of those calls a year for a total of 240 points. There, and of course, what your coach would be able to do is they would work with you in helping set small goals in different areas of your life that would affect your overall health. And they would also be able to provide you with education and resources for you to achieve your best health. Certainly. Do you have any questions so far? Oh, of course. Take your time. Thank you.  Of course, thank you so much, absolutely, for your time, William. And I was about ready to share with you that through our ShareCare platform, you would also. Also gain access to different guided programs that would be able to help you with reducing stress, healthy eating habits, or quitting tobacco products, if that happened to apply for you, of course. And we were discussing those points and how those points can benefit you. This year, you can earn a total of 480 points by participating and engaging in different healthy activities, and you can choose to redeem your points either for 150. $50 Visa prepaid card, or if you would wish to use your points in what's called Wellbeing Incentive Credits. Those incentive credits can then be used to offset healthcare cost of years, such as your deductibles, co-insurance, and your pharmacy copayments, things of that nature, of course. And you would have until December 1st to earn those points, and you can redeem them here at any. Time in our reward center in increments of 120, and if you might happen to still have points available after December 15, they would be there for you automatically. And those well-being incentive credits—they don't go away. Do you have any questions thus far? Fantastic. Very well. Well, I would love to open your chart here and get you scheduled with your first call, so you can take a look at the program. So that I may, would you please confirm your name, mailing address, and data birth to remain HIPAA compliant? Oh, we're kind of at a busy time. Understandable, as I see that you are registered with us through the Be Well Share Care platform. I could text you over some information. Regarding to the coaching program, if that is something that you decide to stay with, sir. Oh, I completely. Oh, of course, I completely understand. We are always here if you decide to stay with us, and that is something that interests you. I can text that information to that same number that we're calling you on. Is that all right? Most certainly. And like I said, if you decide to stay with us, we are here in the future at the same eight eight eight six one six six four one one number to discuss the program for. Well, thank you for your time today, William, and I hope you enjoy your weekend. Thank you. Bye bye.
