So, just make sure I'm on the same page with you. You're going through, you're entering exercises that were completed outside of CARTA for your shareholders, correct? I'm trying to do it within CARTA right now. The transaction hasn't happened yet, but it won't let me exercise any shares because it's saying that the strike price is below, basically, preventing from recording that. What option run are you trying to record this on, or the? What individual are you trying to reflect this exercise on? So, Will Horgan. Will. Okay. Let me review, if you don't mind. Sure. And you're—I'm assuming you're doing exercise options cash. Is that correct? No, I'm doing net. Net. Okay. Let me take a look here. And I'm just trying to replicate the items that you're entering in on my end, Zach. So if you wouldn't mind, what is the exercise date and options that they're wanting to exercise, and tax amount in those fields? Well, I don't. How would I know the tax amount? Or you could leave the tax. I mean, tax amount has to have an amount, and typically the tax amount would need to be to. Determined by your team, because in the event that you're selling shares, there is typically a sales tax that's associated with it, with the shares themselves. Yeah, but that's post that has nothing to do with the exercise. They're just exercising shares, right? Yeah, they they are exercising shares, but they're this is a net exercise that you're trying to reflect, correct? Meaning cashless, right? Cashless. Yeah. So the exercise date is today. I'm trying to exercise 1.17 shares. 1.14. 1.14. When I click today's date, if you click today's date, it says unable to exercise as of 9:20 because the FMV, fair market value, is not greater than the strike price on this date. Which would make sense in a way because it's trying to use the capital gain. From those shares to cover the costs of the exercise for the shares. Let me take a look here. Now, within the platform itself, I see the most recent 409A valuation that was done by Carda was done by Carda. So, there's not a way to modify the fair market value itself if it's done through Carda. I can try and bring over someone from our valuation team to see if that can be reflected. But I will also. Try on my end, if you will, if you're fine giving me this time, Zach. See if a manual fair market value can be entered in into Karta to see if that will accomplish that higher rate. But the way that cashless and net exercise is intended to work is it's intended to take the capital gains of the potential shares that are exercised to cover the cost of the ones that they're trying to purchase. So I. I can see why the error may be displayed, but let me see what I can do on my end. What is the expected price per share that you're imagining is going to reflect with this upcoming? It's going to be going to be three thousand seventy-five dollars point zero three. Three thousand seventy-five. 0.03. Okay. Yeah, that's important for me to have. Thank you. Thank you for that, Zach. Do you mind if I put you on hold for a few minutes, if that's all right? Sure. No problem. One, six, zero.
