Thank you for calling GameStop Benefit Service Center. This is Nick speaking. Who am I speaking to today? All right, Stephen. Please provide me with your last name. All right. Thank you. One moment as I locate your account.  All right, Stephen. How can I be able to assist you? Okay. So, um, uh, my store closed recently, and um, I was uh laid off and given severance. Okay. Um, from what I was told, my insurance will drop at the end of this month. Now I'm just confused as to where and then that. For another month, if it's possible, I can, you pay out of my own pocket. What would normally come out of my check, except the insurance. I have some major procedures coming up with my back, so I, I don't have any surgery right there, but it's under nerve blocks, stuff like that. Okay. It was already scheduled for January and for February. That was the last one. I was wondering if there was any way I could extend my insurance. All right. Just a moment. Let me place you on a brief hold. With that inquiry, I will get back to you as soon as possible. Okay.       Okay.  Sorry for that delay. I do apologize for that, Stephen. So, what happens is that when you lose coverage, you will actually get a Cobra packet sent to your mailing address within two weeks of loss of coverage. However, I can I can provide you with a contact so that you can inquire with Cobra. So Cobra is Cobra is a packet where, when you lose coverage, you can continue with the same benefits that you actually have with the company, depending with how long you you want that coverage to be. So in this case, you you stated that you're losing coverage end of this month. Is it correct? Yes. So you can contact them. And they can be able to give you more clarity on how you will be able to continue coverage. So the number that you dialed in, just to be specific, it's eight seven seven six three four two six three seven. So once you call in that number, you will press option three. So option three will take you. To the Cobra Service Center, and they will be able to assist you with that inquiry. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. All right. So apart from that, is there anything else I can assist you with today? The only other question I had. Okay. My PTO, my my my pay time off. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh. All right. So let me have a look at this one moment. All right. So if you can write this down, this is uh for any inquiries uh about P. So the so the email is benefits at gamestop dot com. Yes, sir. Yes, they will get back to you as soon as possible with that inquiry. You're welcome, and thank you for. Calling GameStop Benefit Service Center, and you have a good day. Bye bye.
