Okay, we have them, got them pulled up here. What's going on? So there's some health issues going on, and and trying to merge stockholders, but it's not letting me. Okay. Okay. One of them is a VIP teacher, PTE, limited. Okay. VIP teacher. Yeah. Probably means that they've accepted different securities. With different, let's see, one stakeholder can have accepted securities. Yeah, so it's okay. We can actually merge it on on our end when this happens. Just means in their. Within their portfolio, in in their view, they have multiple signatories. So let's see, CS 184 was accepted by Liz Egn. Let's see what the other one has. Either way, I'll get these merged here for you. Just a moment. Is this the only one, or is there multiple? Well, there's another one. There's also Learn Capital Venture Partners. Okay. Yeah, let me get this one in the wall. Yeah. Okay, and that one should be. Gone now. What was the other one? Learn Capital. Learn Capital. Okay. Looks like they have three different. Yeah, there's one that has a placeholder on, I think. Okay. And that one could get, I mean, get rid of. Okay. Because I don't think they have any holdings, but the other ones have have holdings in them. Okay. Yeah. Gotcha. Almost done here. Just one. Okay. Okay. Go ahead and refresh on that one. It should be updated. Okay. And then the other one, the missing fair market value. There's about oh no, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Eight, nine, ten, ten. Grant that have no, say there's no fair market value. The thing with these is that they're RSUs. So when we try to issue them, we couldn't issue them. I called and I spoke to someone there, and I don't. These need to be issued because they're RSUs, and there is no fair market value on this. For zero cents, so there's no need to, in essence, have a fair market value type of issuance. They went in. I guess either they told me or they did it, extended the date of the non-valuation to be able to issue these RSUs, and then we they said we need to put it back to the original date, which either they did or I did. So now they're showing up as there's no fair market value. As an as okay, obvious issue. Yeah, and I apologize. As far as as far as any equity awards on Cardigo.
