Thank you for holding. This is Marti. How may I help you? Uh huh. Okay. I apologize. I will be checking on the. Order the um, but can you please confirm the name of the recipient of that order? Okay, thank you. One moment, please. I'll just pull up the order and check. And your last name, please. Okay, thank you. One moment. All right. I already have you the order, Heather. I'll just check the email that we sent you. One moment, please. All right. So yes, ma'am. Um, regarding on the um arrangement that we are going um to send, but you already have the new arrangement or. Yes, please. Blue love, lavender orchid. Let me check. Alright, blooming love, lavender, or. The item number is P dash four seven six, right? Okay, but it's the blooming love lavender orchid, right? Okay, just one moment. May I place the call and hold for a minute or two? Let me just verify and check for the day order. Thank you.   Thank you for patiently waiting on the line, Heather. Hello. All right, so, ma'am, I'll just update the order. So, the new arrangement that, or the new, yeah, arrangement that we are going to deliver, or the item is going to be the Blooming Love, Love and Their Orchid, the P dash four seven six, and everything is going to be the same. We'll just going to. Update the the the product or the arrangement. Okay, just one moment, please. Let me just finish everything. I'll just make sure everything is all set before we end the call. I just need another minute. Okay, I'll just finish everything. Just stay on the line. Okay, yeah, I'll just check. Okay, just stay on the line, please. Thank you.   All right, Heather. Thank you for patiently waiting on the line. So, for the soonest that we can deliver, it's still going to be the same on the fifth of June, or on. All right, so we're good. So, I already have updated the order. And do you have any other questions? Yes, we are going to send you an email confirmation of this new order. You're welcome. Do you have any other questions? Bye. Thank you so much for having a good day. Goodbye. I thank you. Goodbye.
