Hi. Thanks for calling Benefit Service Center. This is Misha speaking. To whom do I just speak with today? Can I get your first and last name, please? Are you calling on behalf of your account or someone else's? Is she available to speak? May I see credits, please? Can I get your full name? Alrighty, Greg. Do you give your spouse full authorization to speak on your behalf on today? Yes, ma'am. I'd be more than happy to assist you. So, do you need a password reset? If you need, you can have your spouse to speak on your behalf. You can have him to speak if you like. I just needed your authorization. Already, great. Is he? Did he want to speak? Or? Correct. I'm just going to send you a password reset to that same email. Okay. Alrighty, I've just sent it. Let me know if you received it. I'll suggest to copy and paste it.  So, ma'am, once your enrollment closes, there's no way to open it. Only way you can change your coverage if you have a qualified life event, like you have a baby, get divorced, married, or you lose outside coverage. All right. Did you need any further assistance from me on today? No, it hasn't expired. She's still able to log in. One moment. Yes, you guys have no coverage—no medical, dental, vision, anything. Everything shows decline. You're so welcome. I do apologize about. That do you have any other questions for me on today? You're welcome. Wait one moment. It shows here that you guys had a open enrollment correction. Give me a moment. Looks like you guys were enrolled into things, and then you called in and had the coverage removed. It looks like you called in and had the coverage. It's removed. One moment. Alrighty. So I'm seeing here that the annual enrollment correction was done. No, sir, you're unable to. And your enrollment ended on the 8th of November. Yes, sir. Nothing. I do apologize about that. Around November of this year. You're so welcome. If no further assistance needed, I would like to thank you so much for calling Benefit Service Center.
