Thank you for calling Easy Cater. This is Ian on the recorded line. How can I help you today? I understand, sir, and I'm really sorry to hear that. Can you provide me the specific order number because I can see two here. Is it for the M8? CCE. Alright, let me just pull up the order, sir. One moment, please. Alright, so for this one, you're gonna have to cancel the order because of the proximity or the distance. I understand, sir, and I am really sorry to hear that. So. For this one, sir, I will go ahead and cancel this order on your behalf. One moment. You are welcome, sir. Is there anything else that I can assist you with? Yeah, if you want, I can. Yeah, we can do a store change instead. Can you provide me the address for the kibdooba that is nearby this location? Wait, three zero three three. You said? I am sorry, sir. I don't have that on my list. So that may, maybe they're not part of Easy Cater, or that. Store is not part of Easy Cater, so it's not possible to request for store change. Yeah, but let me double check as well. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's three eight zero zero. You said. Can you provide me the address again? Three zero three three, Northwest, and what else? One seven eight, one seventy eight Street. Can you provide me the zip code? Seven three zero one two. Okay, one moment, sir. So it's three zero three three Northwest One Seventy Eight Street, Edmund Seven Three Zero One Two. One moment, sir. Yeah, I just double check, sir, so they may not be part of Easy Cater. Yes, I did. I am looking at all the stores that is associated with Easy Cater for Kidooba, sir. I can only identify 14. How about this, sir? I'm gonna provide you the addresses. Can you provide me the nearest location for this one? Or actually, I just figured it out on my end. So, yeah. Memorial. One moment. Yeah, I don't have that on my end as well. And also the one in Bryan. So yes, so regarding your request, sir, to cancel the order due to the distance, I will just inform the customer, and I'll help. Them find a replacement. You are welcome, sir. Is there anything else that I can assist you with? You are most welcome, sir. Well, happy holidays. Take care, and bye for now. Hi, this is Ian calling from Easy Cater. I am calling in regards order number M8C CCE, and this is your order from Kidooba. Unfortunately, the caterer has cancelled the order due to the distance. But if you need further assistance on finding a replacement for the order, please give us a call back at your earliest. Convenience at one eight hundred four eight eight one eight zero three. Thank you, and have a great day.
