Hi, my name is Melissa Alfano. I'm calling back for the same issue I've been calling back from regarding an appeal. No, I think I might need to speak to a manager because I there's no record of my. In the system, and it's been it's been a little over a week, so I don't know how this works. The last person I spoke to told me to resend it, which I can on Monday. I mean, or Tuesday. I know Monday's a holiday, but I guess because this is regarding my the I accidentally set up a flexible spending for my health insurance for my health savings account, thinking it was a HSA, right? Something that stays with me forever. But so I have like three thousand dollars. Whatever the max was going into this, and there's just no way I'm not—I'm not even going to touch that in a year, right? I'm going to lose all that money. So I made a mistake as a new employee, and you know, I caught the mistake. What I thought pretty quickly, but I guess it was past the, you know, the the deadline, which is fine. But like every week that passes, I'm—it's going to. I'm not asking for any rebate right back or any money back. I just wanted to stop. So, like, is there any other options for me? Like, like I feel like no one can even tell me if they've. Received my letter. It's just not a good starting point. Yeah, I'm gonna have to fax it again. I'm the brand new fax machine that I'm using at the at the job at my at you know at the office. So I I mean I don't think I did it wrong. I got a you know a response that it was sent, but I don't I don't know. Yes, eight six six three nine nine zero six two five. I am going to send it again on on Monday from a different fax and have somebody help me, but I just don't know. You know, hopefully that'll do the trick. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. No problem. Yep. I'd ask you on Thursday, January ninth. Yep. No problem.     I did, yeah. I think I'm just gonna have to redact it, yeah. Go ahead. Yeah, yep. My name, my employee ID is there. My my contact phone number, and then Tunova Nordisk Flex Benefits Center. Yeah. Okay. And I want to.
