Yes, this is Hans Hansen. I'm sorry, I didn't get your name, Brittany. Sorry, Brittany. I'm a team member in Wheaton, Illinois, and we had a life-changing event. I'm not sure if that's a correct terminology. My healthcare coverage had been covered by my wife, who just lost her employment, and her last day of health coverage was twelve thirty-one. So, a couple questions: Is when do I need to join the Whole Foods health benefits program? Okay. Okay. Okay. Um, I'm I'm looking at it right now. I think I've got the right one, where it shows Maya apps with a single sign-on. Okay. Um. And then, if I have any questions, I can call Business Center or the Benefits Service Center from seven to seven Central Time. Okay. Now, if I joined as an individual, can my wife be added later? All right. Open enrollment is like October. Okay, and then let's say if I did enroll today, you know, go through the porthole and such, you mentioned it takes some time to get the information in. When do you think this would go and affect me? When would I be covered? Uh huh. It would be retroactive. Now, my my wife is sitting here, if you don't mind. She's the one who knows the stuff inside. Now, do you mind if she asks you some questions? Hi, hello. The question, hi. The question I have is the documentation of loss of coverage. What would be an example of that? Okay, I'm trying to think of what I'll have. Okay, and so I need to make a determination right away to join with Hans or get other coverage before open enrollment. Correct? Okay, and then, do you have enough information on this website of the policies that are available to you? I'm I'm just starting on that. I believe there would be. Okay. I would call the questions. Okay. Okay, I think that was it for as far as timing. And are you we realizing that Monday is the? Holiday, are you open that day? You are closed on January twentieth. Okay, so as soon as possible, we we are working on this now. But what is that cutoff that he would no longer be able to hop onto Whole Foods Insurance? Thank you. 31 days from event. Yep. Okay. Okay. And event being the last day of coverage, right? My my termination date was the 20th of December, but our coverage was through December 31st. Okay. Very good. Okay. So then, Hans, do you have enough questions? I mean, enough information on the portal. Yeah, I have to read through it first, and if I got questions, then I'll call back. Okay. All right. Do you have any advice for us, Brady? Okay. I'm sorry. Can you repeat that? We're having a hard time hearing you. Okay. Okay. All right. Um. Oh, I guess one more thing. I I found a let's say a Q and A for determining what kind of you know an HSA or whatever the case may be. Is there something that would be helpful to go through a Q and A to determine what type of health program would be best for us? Okay. Okay. All right. All right. Very good. It's exactly what we're looking for. All right. Well, Brittany, thank you very much. You've been very helpful, and we better get cracking on this. Yep. Thank you. You too. Bye. Bye.
