Thank you very much for calling EasyGator. This is Cos on the record line. Please, this is. Okay. Well, I do can see you have two upcoming orders scheduled for this coming Friday, the fourth. One of them is scheduled to be delivered at 11:45 a.m., which is the order number JA7T5X, and the order number. XTU to JZ. That is scheduled to be delivered at 11:30 AM. So, which of them is the one that you are taking? Okay, just let me go ahead and pull up the system to get that order. Just a second. Okay, there we go. But with me, I don't have my speaking with. Nice to hear you, Toshka. Okay, tell me, what do you need to know about this order? Okay. 呵呵。 How much is that charge? How much will it be? Five two. Okay, don't worry, Toshka. I will inform the customer about that. Now, would you mind holding just for a moment while I'm letting the customer know about this situation? Or would you like to get a call back, text message, or any more with an update? Okay, just to confirm, I call you back to the phone number nine hundred thirty-eight eleven. Is that correct? Okay, so then we call you back with an update. Is there something else that I can help with you? All right, it's been a pleasure to assist you. Have an amazing rest of your day. Bye bye. Take care. Hello, hi. This is Gus calling from Easy Cater on our record line. I'm calling in regards to the order number J A Seven T Five X. This order is scheduled to be delivered. Deals coming April the fourth at eleven forty-five a.m. from Jason's Daily. I just needed to let you know that I just received a call from the cater informant that you have requested to get a. Extra chicken on the Caesar salad. However, the extra chicken has a five dollars with seventy-five cents extra charge. So, as total, will be sixty-three dollars with twenty-five cents. Are you okay with the extra charge? Sixty-three dollars with twenty-five cents. If the caterer adds, okay, okay, the whole order right now. The whole order will be four hundred and sixty-two dollars with two cents. No, that is not including the extra chicken. Just a second. Just a moment. I'm just letting the system load. Just a second, I'm gonna have to refresh my system. Okay, the total will be five hundred and twenty-five dollars, which is. Yes, on in all of them. I do. I do can see that you have requested to get eleven chicken Caesar salads on the order for eleven people. Okay. Now, well, yes. By the way, I'm speaking with Remy, right? Remy, thank you very much for taking my call. That's everything what I needed to let you know. Hope to have a amazing rest of your evening. It's a pleasure. Bye bye. Hi, hello, Taylor. This is Gus calling from Missy Cater on a record line. A few moments ago, I was speaking with Tasha, who was trying to get some information in regards to the order number JA7T5X. I just, I just needed to let you know that because. Customer will not longer need the extra chicken on the Caesar salad. Okay, well, tailored everything what I needed to let you know. Thank you very much for taking my call. Hope you have an amazing rest of your day. Thank you.
