Welcome to EasyGated. This is Ella on the recording line. How can I help you? So, what do you hear about that, Oscar? Let me access to the order that you gave me. Give me just a moment. Let me pull this up. Yes, there we go. All right. Give me just a moment. I'll just load up the info. Okay. So, you're telling me it's one of the small sandwich tray. What is what was left in the store? I see. Well, Austin, let's do something. I cannot promise you the driver could go back to return and pick up the item because it's on route, but I can go ahead and try to call the driver. Okay? Would you like me? Okay, yeah, I've called you back. No problem. Okay. You're welcome. Bye bye. Hi, this is Isela from Iscater on the record line. Chad, we're calling from. Instructed about the BJ's restaurant order. Hi, Chad. Are you right now on the way to the customer? Ah, okay, Gadget. I was just checking because it seems they forgot to give you something. I was just wondering exactly where you at, but I see you're close to the customer now. Okay. All right. Yeah, I forgot to give you something. I was just double checking if you were. Still nearby, but I see you almost at the customer. That's right. I see it was not ready when you arrived, but it's okay, Chad. No problem. We have to figure out what to do with that. Okay, it's okay. You finish your delivery and then move on. We will handle with the store. Okay. Well, in this case, I think that the caterer has to be responsible for it because our contract with your company is for you to deliver. And if there is any missing item, the store has to be responsible for. So you can go ahead and finish your delivery, and you're fine. Okay? What? Hello, Chad. Can you hear me? Ah, yes. I will go ahead and discuss with them about it because that's we cannot actually tell you to go back. Okay, so they had to figure something out. Yes, I see that. I. He said, "I'm struggling with disorders, but it's okay. No problem. We will talk to them and see what they can do." Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Chad. Bye, bye.  Hi. This is Stella from Insecure on the recording line, looking for Oscar. Yes. Thank you. Hi, Oscar. This is Selassie Nisikere on the record line. Hi. Um, actually, I spoke to the driver. He was just right a corner, almost arriving to the customer, and unfortunately, cannot return for an missing item. I'm just wondering if the store is able to do. Are redelivered of this item. Got you. I see, Oscar. Yes, the class, the customer is not that far. It's in the same network. All right. Um. Yeah, the thing is that um. When they already arrive to the customer, there is like a kind of a contract. They cannot return for any missing items. I always make an attempt just to check, right? But it was not possible. So here, this is what I can do. I could try to reach out to the customer and see somebody from the office maybe could pass and pick up the item. If not, is there any way that that item could be refunded if the customer asks for? Okay. All right. Two wonderful items, right? And can you let me know what is the name of is is it the California chicken mini sandwiches? Is that the one? Uh, the smoked ham and three. Okay, mini sandwich three. Okay, that one. All right. Let me just contact the customer and see if they could pick it up. If not, I will let you know what the customer decide. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye. Hi, this is Ela from Easy Cater, calling about the BJ's restaurant order C A nine Z G P. The reason of the call is because. The order is missing an item. This is the smoked ham mini sandwiches. Cecile, apologize about that. Unfortunately, the store is not able to handle a delay. Hello. Hi, this is Cecile from Insecure on the Recording Line, Cindy. Hi, Cindy. I'm calling about the BJ's order. Great. Thank you. Thank you for confirming that. Yes, get a report. From the store, saying that one of the items missing seems to be smoked ham mini sandwiches. Yes, and I was discussing with them because whenever this happened and they forgot an item, they had to actually be responsible for. But unfortunately, they are not able to deliver that item, so they're asking if somebody from the office could possible pick it up, or they could have the item. Refunded to the order. That's the ham, the the mini, the the small ham mini sandwiches. That's the only item it's missing in the order. I see, indeed. All right. Well, sincerely apologize about this. Let me let them know, and I will send you a revised invoice. Okay? You're welcome. Bye bye.
