Thank you for calling Dave & Buster's Main Event Benefit Center. This is Jasmine speaking. Who am I speaking to today? Hey, get up. My name is Brandon. Can I get your last name? Brandon Prince. And how can I assist you? Hi. Um. So I was actually calling to question. Like my actual benefits, I know they actually started going into effect on the first of this year, but um, in terms of like, two main things: they do a website where you can just look at everything, and after that, after that, also I want to know if you could tell me like the possible medical stuff. Okay, so there is a website where you can view the coverage. That you have, and the name of that website is D N. It's the letter D, the letter N, the letter B, and then benefits. dot com. All lowercase letters, so it should read D N B benefits. dot com. And once you have logged into your account on that website, you can go to your benefit history, and you would be able to view your current coverage. Your user ID and whatever password you set up. And so, if you don't know the user ID. I can assist you with getting that user ID. I have access to that. But if you don't remember the password, I would have to send a password reset to the email address that you would provide me with. Okay. Okay, and did you need like, was there any specific type of information you were trying to find out about your medical plan? Um, yeah, I'm really just trying to figure out like what doctors I will be able to go to, and like if I have to, will I be paying out of pocket per visit? Okay, so yes, you would have to reach out to the medical carrier, and they would be able to assist you with finding. A provider that would take your coverage. I do have their telephone number here if you want to take it down. Like what services come with the coverage? Yeah. Okay, so if you go to your menu in the top right corner, you can select items to explore, and then resources, and. You can once you go to resources, you want to scroll down, and you would see the twenty twenty five benefits enrollment guide, and a summary of your benefits plan there as well. How far am I scrolling down? Where it says? It should say documents and resources. Yes. Twenty twenty five benefits enrollment guide. Okay. You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? No, that will be all. You're welcome, and thank you for calling David Buster's Main Event Benefit Center. Have a great day. 就是。
