Real quick, so I'm going to go to securities and then securities templates. So you made a vesting schedule. What's the with the with double acceleration terms? You made a vesting schedule. It's double trigger, section thirteen. And where is this at? So if you go to security templates and then go to. Acceleration terms. It's the second one. So we didn't add the acceleration terms. I'm. I see. So the way that this sort of works, then, I because I think these are just like terms. Mhm. But for the representation, it lives on the security within the acceleration. language. But that's not like on a vesting template or anywhere that we can kind of add it there because it's like a different. Let me see, CS4. Yeah, because it still keeps all like the vesting schedules and everything. Yeah, it's just the acceleration. I think I'm just. See if I have a bulk, but real quickly. A bulk would be. I don't know if I do for acceleration terms. Um, I just have one that's acceleration, yes or no, but I don't have a component for acceleration terms, no. So that's fine. I can do it individually. Yeah, darn it. No, yeah, that's the best way. We got to move that over. Then it's just individually because there's not a. Bulk. There's not even a bulk acceleration component on the front end. No, darn. Shoot, you know, you bring up a good point. I wish that this. I'm gonna pass on some feedback if we had kind of more of a, just even our way to kind of that would help expedite these kind of things so they're not done individually one by one. Yeah, darn. But that's gonna probably be the way because again, I'm just looking, but I don't have an acceleration. I just have it. Acceleration? Yes or no? But I don't have terms. Darn it. Okay, yeah, one more review. I don't. But right there's where that would be. Just by way of modify vesting, add the terms, save, update, and that's kind of how we would get those in there. Then if we need to. Okay, is it going to register that like double trigger section thirteen? Because there's like no drop down. Based on the language. Should state the language, but I don't know if that's something that's automated. As far as like, like, help me understand what what does that section rule thirteen mean? It's just like in reference to the plan. Like the lawyer wants this, and it's like, and you know, like how if we were drafting this in carta. Right, we would like go to like that period and like hit acceleration terms, and then do the drop down and click double trigger section thirteen, right? And like that would be the acceleration terms. So like, I would like see that like when I clicked on the grant, right, is like that would be the title of the grant, or like title the acceleration terms, and then would get the details of like what that was. Right. Correct. Like, if I modify this, right? Because I'm not seeing a. So, like, when I go here, I'm not seeing in this. Like.
